[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hey this is Redman coming to you live
from the comedy Mothership here in
Austin Texas for a brand new episode of
kill Tony give it up for Tony
H who's ready for the best [ __ ] night
of their lives
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
huh yeah Mi a great band
everybody we're here you made it Mama we
made it you're at the number one live
podcast in the world kill Tony brought
to you by some amazing sponsors Yoni I
didn't get that I didn't get the three
that I had to write down how about one
more time for the best St ban in the
land
huh on the horns Carlos Sosa Raul
Vallejo and Fernando
Castillo Michael Gonzalez on the
drums Nick Lewis joining us on the base
or as I call him SE Madness cuz he can
see Matt muing on the electric guitar
and our dear band leader the Great and
Powerful John de on the keys who
wrangles these people finds the best
musicians in the city for us to play
with so much fun it truly I always say
this but I [ __ ] mean it an
action-packed show loaded up and ready
to go tonight some very special
appearances by very special people it's
all going to go down all at once before
we get started here here's a little bit
more from The Amazing sponsors that made
it all
[Music]
possible the Sunset Strip comedy club in
Austin Texas is now open check out red
band's Secret show every Thursday go to
sunsetstrip atx.com for tickets
[Music]
are you guys ready to start tonight's
episode well well well this is one of
those nights that will I believe live in
Kill Tony History Two uh unbelievable
comedians uh one of them I've been
working with continuously for 17 years a
legend of The Comedy Store one I just
found here
uh a few days ago randomly she was
performing in the little boy and I saw
her set and I fell in love we ended up
drinking together all night and she is
one of my new favorite comedians in the
world this is her first time on panel at
Kil Tony I do believe her first time
ever on a podcast so here are our guests
Make some noise for two of the greats
Elaine and Ian Edwards everybody Elaine
and Ian Edwards there's Elaine make some
noise for Elaine her first time on the
show oh a a nail just fell off a nail
you lost a nail Elaine there you go who
wants it come on there you go this
little Mexican boy wants it there you go
how about one more time for Ian Edwards
ladies and gentlemen one of the
greats this episode brought to you by
Skylight frame and Game Time by the way
for those of you wondering who our
amazing sponsors are Ian Edward
welc back my friend how how's it going
it's good to be here man this is a fun
show to be at sitting next to Elaine I
can smell how old she
is that's my
[ __ ] which is the name of my
documentary out on
Hulu that's my [ __ ] is the name of your
documentary wow should it have been
something else Tony no I mean I felt a
fish I will look into changing it okay
redb nice to see you with your clothes
on I used to work at a massage parlor
redb would come in with his dick already
out and let's just say he thinks the
butthole is the G-Spot hit
me all right let's get it
[Applause]
going here we [ __ ] go elain has
joined the
fry uh I'm very excited about this maybe
you heard me uh give the audience our
little uh our little intro last week but
we got drunk together turns out she's
been doing stand-up comedy for exactly
50 years how about a hand for 50 years
come on I ain't dead yet she's 74 years
old started when she was 24 and I caught
a set in the little boy Adam OT the
booker of the club was in the back of
the room howling she was talking about
what was it your [ __ ] I think it was I
do a few [ __ ] jokes but uh he really
liked the way that I said the nword so
right right I'm just kidding I said the
whole thing but it no no it's you could
say it back in the day but I love the
mothership greatest club in the world
and um uh you know this is as close as
I'll ever uh ever get to Super startom
so here we go I love it Elaine this is
your first time on Kil Tony so you might
not know that over 200 innocent Souls
signed up for tonight's show all those
losers in there huh anything can happen
if I pull their name out they get 60
seconds of standup comedy time
uninterrupted you know their time is up
and you're the sound of the kitten that
means they have to wrap it up then or
else they bring out the angry West
Hollywood
bear and that it cuts off their time I
interview them after that that scare you
a little bit let's just say uh some
blood came out of uh yeah it scared me
oh my
goodness uh but to get tonight's show
started uh I'm going to preo a name
we'll grab that one too I'll take that
one I'll trade you my nail for that load
them up this looks great and uh we'll
get both of those people wrangled up
from the bar across the street the uh
Sixth Street famous bar poor choices
which is a real scummy bar by the way
but we love them we love scummy bars
Vulcan gas company poor choices Sunset
Strip comedy club we love we love shitty
six Street bars that's what we take
pride Austin takes Pride more bars per
capita than any other
city it's incredible
get $2 shots over at poor choices
anytime you want but while we Wrangle
those comedians some of you may know
that we have a new regular that starts
the show oh the lovely Heidi oh listen
to the crowd pop for Heidi everybody
it's happening kill Tony Fame affects
everybody to get tonight's show started
a [ __ ] force of nature ladies and
gentlemen this guy's been filling in for
the great Hans Kim for months while he
prepares for his huge show at The Forum
uh the rematch between Hans Kim and Rick
Diaz will be live streamed from The
Forum but filling in for him the newest
Regular an absolute sensation this guy
just did uh theater with me this weekend
and San Jose he crushes let's see a
brand new minute from the one and only
Casey rocket
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah thank
you yeah all right okay
[Music]
yeah la
Princessa all
right
okay I got to get out of here I blacked
out in colipan last night and uh
apparently I kept making my girlfriend
listen to Pro Union coal mining music
again so it's just a witch side are you
on Lord you know she's crying That Old
Chestnut when are you going to get help
you
know I'll tell you who needs help the
coal miners but that's [ __ ] Biden's
America you know what I mean I uh just
pop it one second all right cool I wish
uh all drugs gave you flashbacks you
know people always say that about LSD uh
that it gets stored in your bones or
whatever which is such a scary thing to
tell someone on LSD right you're like
what bones and uh whose bones and uh
like I wish you could just be walking
through the mall with your friends and
just pop your hip just get a ketamine
flashback from bonaroo 2012 you know
you're just oh so they're called Minions
huh I don't want to go to Spencer's
Gifts anymore thank you Casey rocket all
right there it is again the man the myth
the crab man thank Casey [ __ ]
rocket has stried again I squeezed too
hard yeah squeezed too hard that's wild
I used to do that when I was a little
kid I used to do that thing where I'd
make my face all red I think I would die
if I did it now uh yeah that was fun um
squeeze I squeezed too hard try to do it
right now no another amazing performance
Casey I loved the eyeballs very scary
was anyone scared let's get a show hands
oh there's a lot of hands up in the air
shockingly at a comedy show you
genuinely had people scared terrified
yeah terrified thank you she's gorgeous
are you tired yes you move around so
quickly I know it was just one minute
and I tined too hard one time I uh I
used to do the Dutchman's key um my
favorite bit ever which is where yeah I
put a lead key in my mouth and uh that's
it and
uh well that's about it and one time I
had the lead key so I'm kind of Dipping
the key and it's leaking lead in my
blood and I tensed real hard and I had
to sit down on stage for like five
minutes something about the
lead he puts a key in his mouth and
proceeds on with minutes and minutes and
minutes of his act before coughing up
the key it's something you really got to
see live I guess for it to translate how
hilarious it is but when he's in full
action and moving around you realize
that he's had a key in his mouth for a
lot of the performance it's the payoff
is huge again you remind me of one of my
uh my grandson's friends um his name's
Craig and he also was missing some teeth
oh good and uh he also titty [ __ ] me
upon meeting
me so play your cards right Casey and
could take this rocket ship to titty
[ __ ] uh Galaxy or wherever you want to
go you go to an Apple
be why am why am I blushing it doesn't
make any sense sounds like a personal
problem when was this when did this
titty [ __ ] take place well you know
back in you know everything's it was
about an hour ago but it was
uh no it was I don't know 1975 people
have been titty [ __ ] for years right
Ian yeah yeah that's what we do thanks
Ian Ian have you seen Casey rocket
before uh [ __ ] I still didn't see him it
was moving so
fast very fast very fast he is a
squiggler are you you you take any
substances uh totally totally clean
really yeah I'm sober been sober for
many years yeah you feel like you're on
an ater roll right now no no no just meu
is the human form of Aderall yeah that's
what everybody thinks surprisingly he's
one of the only sober people in this
venue right
now now is there a drug that you could
be cautioned to participating in like if
Joe Rogan came through here and was like
let's do bumps of coke off Elaine's tits
what would you
do good question sorry I that's a bad
Joe Rogan impression
but what would you say Casey what would
I say uh and it happens like tonight
like it's like Monday night let's say I
call him right now and he and he I don't
have his let's say Tony calls him and
and he goes yeah what's up what's going
is there a bow and arrow down there and
he comes
down and I go yeah there's a bow and
arrow but you got to you only way to get
it is by doing coke off my tits with uh
the newest
Muppet I guess what I'm saying is would
you do coke with somebody if they asked
you could you be peer pressed Casey
we're all human beings we could be peer
pressed uh yeah if you guys wanted it
really bad I guess yeah I could does
anybody have any cocaine on I didn't
think you would actually say yes to that
well good for you straight EDG is cool
yeah yeah it's punk rock rock and roll
stuff I got a lot Casey is scared to
death right now I've never seen that
look in your eyes exactly uh an
unbelievable weekend on the road we had
so much goddamn fun Casey is absolutely
hilarious in the green rooms at the
restaurants at the coffee shops at the
airport you're a bundle of positive
energy I love you way to get tonight's
show started that's it thank you guys
appreciate it rocket the newest
regular all right and so it shall begin
I preed two names we're going to see
hopefully they come out in the right
order here uh Make some noise for your
first comedian ladies and Gentlemen
let's do 60 seconds uninterrupted from
Leno Rodriguez Leno Rodriguez everybody
here we go straight out of the bucket
Anything Can
Happen hello my name is Lena Rodriguez
I'm a door guy on 6th Street and right
now my main diet is pizza and cigarettes
you know I really got to stop eating
cigarettes uh I'm actually Puerto Rican
I'm a Puerto Rican that can't speak
Spanish though if I had to compare that
to anything I think it'd be like being a
Catholic priest that doesn't [ __ ] kids
uh everyone expects me
to but I'm just one of the good
ones I wasn't raised that way
um the other day I was hanging out
watching my new favorite movie Tyler
Perry's media goes to Palestine
and uh AR my girl just get Al learn
[Laughter]
oh I started to think about how I like
to do Molly and compliment bald people
on their eyebrows you know
they don't really hear that
anymore I actually think they should
start dyeing their heads like Easter
eggs that'd be
[ __ ] all
right I'm loo thank you so much thank
you Leno Rodriguez our first bucket pull
of the night a slow start and a sluggish
ending but the middle was amazing there
you got laughs I didn't think any of it
was funny but this is a hot crowd um
this is the best April full set I've
ever
seen that was good it was goodan Edwards
I mean is what's the irony of him doing
a Tyler Perry joke and I'm sitting next
to White
media it is absolutely a fantastic Point
good point
Ian now you had some stuff about [ __ ]
kids in the middle that really pequ my
interest because that's a real issue
facing our country it is thank you so
much
yes so what what is it about that that
you find
humorous
ah like where did that joke come from I
guess I want to get inside your head for
a minute got you ah hey came just um
Everybody expects it to happen you know
when you're brown or if you're a
Catholic priest there either way we got
it we got it um okay over here L how
long you been doing
standup about 2 three years now okay
where do you you live here in Austin for
how long a year where did you live lived
before that I lived in New Orleans um
and uh oh some fans of New Orleans in
the crowd how do you think I got all
these beachs that's right oh wow sucking
come on Red Band Come on there you
go had six necklaces in his
car that's so
hot seleno you're Puerto Rican you can't
speak Spanish I've never seen a green
Puerto Rican person before what is what
exactly is your diet he made a joke
about eating cigarettes that uh
literally silenced every part of the
city uh I I worked inside for a while so
I think I just started to turn Greek
after a while I don't know uhhuh I I
work from home uh and I work at night
now so I'm like a like a pale I guess
what do you do from home during the day
I used to work on AI cars I used to help
program uh those AI cars yeah AV cars
like uh Google cars and things like that
the self-driving cars okay oh [ __ ] hook
us up
fam oh no they didn't give me [ __ ] uh
but it was
cool Puerto Rican take that
[ __ ] so now you only steal real
cars I get you yeah we can figure that
out together hell
yeah okay that is the birth of crime
ladies and gentlemen that's how it
happens a Puerto Rican and a black uh
that's my favorite PornHub
search hit me fellas there it is little
late little late little late like my
period thanks red B
hello hit me there it is hit me that's
all also what redb asked me to do to him
last night whoa takes a lot to make him
come so how uh how old are you did you
say that already uh I'm 27 27 you look
like you're 46 yeah what's it like being
27 uh in 2024
uh it's
hard okay all right there's the cornhub
sound a minute and a half after the
PornHub joke for those of you keeping
track of Red Band in the zone tonight
already um Leno have you been on this
show before yes I actually got on a
couple of weeks ago that was how did
that go for you not as good not as good
maybe maybe for me I don't know everyone
seem to have a good time so Co with that
okay don't do that don't do don't don't
do that don't do that L ever again ever
again so
uh Lena what did we not find out about
you in your last interview that would be
interesting what was the fra main frame
of the interview last time you were on
what was the most interesting thing we
found out about you what did I make
jokes about talk about yeah I had a real
kick about my dad getting murdered you
thought that was oh
yeah oh yeah be
[Music]
back Elaine Elaine is on fire now's a
good time for me to promote elae for
some reason uh decided to plug Adam Ray
comedy on YouTube
um a brand new crowd workor special from
Adam Ray I don't know what you and Adam
have going on a lane but [ __ ] well
the way that red bands is uh is into
Latinas I'm into Jews I love it now do
you remind me asking what happened is
this uh I don't want to pour salt on a
on a Band-Aid but what what um what what
happened to your father um he got merked
with a baseball bat he I mean like he
got beat up by a couple of guys but one
of them had a bat right and why did he
and he hit him upside the head yeah a
couple times God damn it do you have the
video this is the actual we have audio
from the there you go there was a
referee there why was there why was
there a referee there red
band it was also in a bowling alley so
not a lot of people know that did you
know that did you know that your father
was murdered in a bowling
alley not it's news to me okay uh so
what did we you probably went home that
night thinking wow I probably should
have brought up something else or talked
about something else about my entire
life what do we what do we not know
about you Leno a [ __ ] man what don't you
know about me uh maybe you didn't think
about it at all no I didn't actually I
I've been in a car chase once that was
crazy okay with the police no with with
a
hillbilly okay what happened take us
through it what did you do well my
friends and I were out having a good
time and they decided hey let's I don't
she a limitation how long is that you're
good all right
cool guy insists on interview being
boring I want to break the law now
allegedly and they decided to jump out
the car and start hitting mailboxes and
then halfway through that how old were
you during this I was like 16 okay and
uh dad still alive no just been gone
there's no one to no one to [ __ ] no
one to spank
you he doing whatever you want in a
fatherless [ __ ]
society typical Puerto Rican
childhood you want to feel my tits Leno
of course I feel bad for you do you want
to feel do you want to feel his yeah we
can
feel I I feel bad for you I just I you
know it's I'd love to all right do okay
well let's let's finish uh finish up
your story if it uh about this car
chase 10 and then um I uh halfway
through we I heard his voice say you
done [ __ ] up now coming from like
really far away from me oh [ __ ] and then
all of a sudden a tail like a a truck
was on our ass and I was in a Bronco
like an old 2002 Bronco so I started
whipping that [ __ ] and I got the [ __ ]
out I I drove us fast as I could could
through Backwoods in Mississippi and my
friend said hit it right so I did and
then when I did I I sort of slid into it
then I heard and then they crashed into
the woods and I got the [ __ ] out of
there um a hazard style um I know it's
really wow I hope you understood what I
said my M I didn't realize Mississippi
at Asian drivers um okay I'm going to go
ahead and take back the tit offer is
that okay that's fine that's to
understand completely loo what is your
love life like the world wants to know
how's Loo's [ __ ] game you look like the
guy that answers the door at a haunted
Mexican restaurant
funny that deserves more laughter we'll
edit that that was a very funny joke
that's why it's your show
yeah do this for me it's been a weird
year I got I got married and divorced
last year how did that okay there we go
now we're getting somewhere now we're
cooking with cash yeah he asked you 1
hour ago has there anything happened
that you didn't tell us from the last
show and now you just bring that [ __ ] up
yeah yeah yeah thanks for that I ran a
red light with Force Gump [ __ ]
story you got a dead dad and a divorce
story just locked and loaded in those
[ __ ] ABY
Pockets we're finding out a lot more
there's a lot more this is like a Puerto
Rican Forest Gump over here I'm excited
about that so tell us about the marriage
and divorce oh man it was uh you met
how'd you meet her uh we're well she saw
me doing comedy once oh God
was that when you got divorced
no and she she liked my style and oh boy
style yeah
infatuated and especially
fat so she saw you do comedy how long
were you together before you decided to
get married good question about a year
or so okay yeah it was pretty pretty
fast how did you propose to her that's
always something that the ladies care
about we want to be romanced and
impressed and I was at an amusement park
in in
Gatlinburg oh in front of a ferris wheel
with a ring believe that's slavery ended
or something like that I got what what
happened to Del
Taco now what did she say you said what
you said I love you it's only been a
year but let's do this what' you say
basically uh I don't know we've been
talking about it she brought it up I was
into it but it it was all me dude I I I
liked her and what made you want to get
married
I don't know that's a that's a great
question like it when when you're in
that [ __ ] it just sort of happens okay
yeah did you let you titty
[ __ ] yeah okay
okay hell yeah what the [ __ ] was
that so how long were you married until
divorce came on the table and why was
divorce imminent four it was four months
we're married and then what happened hey
wait wait it actually took a little
longer for us to get married took a
little longer to get the answer to my
[ __ ] question Jesus Christ the
numbers don't matter it just it blew up
toxic um how what uh come on give us an
example of the toxicity of your city of
your all right all you know she getting
finding out they're not like you know
faithful or like you know was that what
happened yeah cheating [ __ ] you know how
did you find out that she was cheating
on you uh she was supposed to be on a
trip in Hawaii uh-huh and she was in
Texas okay how did you find this out oh
dude D you have one of your cars follow
her I no no no F funny in I might have
to plead the fifth on this one uh why
would you didn't you I had to plead the
fifth why would you plead the fifth on
this because you're on a podcast right
now where interviews happen and anything
can happen you're right um because uh
okay Jesus Christ all right he's not
going to save you here he doesn't have
Wi-Fi up there you're more nervous now
than when you did your one minute yeah
oh Jesus um well you know I I was
cleaning the house getting ready for her
to come back for the trip uhhuh and uh I
checked her location cuz she said she
was going to go visit her family in
Hawaii no she was just with friends she
was going she Mississippi is where I'm
from uhhuh and uh when I found her
location it said she's uh 3 minutes down
the road in Texas oh oh boy [ __ ] yeah so
I went I went there ooh and she was
there with someone I knew oh no who was
the someone that you knew friend I don't
if I should do all that you don't need
to name a name you [ __ ] idiot uh
don't name a name a a friend of mine I
thought so a friend of yours right
should we should we call that friend
right now no no no no no
[Music]
[Applause]
no what what I no no no no that's a bad
idea because because the the I just
thank you Elaine so much you know who's
going to pick up it's going to be
redband so I want I want to avoid that
well I'm so sorry look but guess what
when you get cheated on it makes you
stronger you know you learn about
yourself yeah I got laid last week it
was and I've been what happened last
week yes I I got I I got with ladies
last week how did you what happened
there we're going to go back to this by
the way Elaine tried to bail you out
with that phone call [ __ ] we're going
back to it but what happened last week I
uh met a nice lady we went out it was
cool so okay [ __ ] it then good job great
interview I'm still going to squeeze you
for this we're going back here we go hey
over here L stop making [ __ ] noises
with your mouth answer the questions
that I asked you are you ready yes I'm
ready I'm s so when you went to the
house with your friend and your wife
yeah what exactly happened oh man uh
it's this part's easy you just tell us
what happened instead of all the
prefacing [ __ ] everything I I know I'm
sorry um I uh I walked up to the door
and I looked in the window and they were
on the couch together what were they
doing on the couch they were hanging out
under some blankets and [ __ ] you know
under some blankets or on some blankets
under under well how did you know it was
them under the blankets how did you not
know that it was I I could see them like
it was you could see their heads and
they were were they watching a
movie what were they watching
Leno Elaine I don't know if you noticed
he's not good at answering questions uh
let's we got to keep kind of keep them
one track at a time here so then what
happened did you knock on the door yeah
and then what happened
they they said no get out they said get
out of here they told you to get out of
here yeah get out of here what are you
doing here oh you're you're trying to
make jokes again wait let's act this out
keep the music on red Ben you be the guy
I'll be his girl okay ready give me a
knock oh [ __ ] [ __ ] get out of here get
out of here what are you doing here Leno
what are you doing here I thought you
were supposed to be in Hawaii oh wait no
I thought I was supposed to [ __ ]
[Music]
sorry sorry I'm not into brown guys
anymore I'm in the I'm in a black
guys damn is is that what you said what
did you say I said what what the [ __ ]
are you doing here why why why are you
here I thought you were in Hawaii well
we our flight got
changed okay hold on Elaine what did she
say when you said you're supposed to be
in Hawaii oh she she ran off
where did she run off to the bedroom oh
back there where she was safe yeah did
you chase her no no that was it uh no
but it it errupted in some yeah it was
bad was you did you and your buddy uh
almost fight oh uh not really I I was
more I was going to fight him but I was
more concerned with the other [ __ ]
that was going on I didn't care about
him he's a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] you
know right yeah I was more worried about
uh like what what's happening you know
right never got an answer but the
divorce was quick and easy cuz you
caught her cheating you didn't have to
pay any of your uh door guy money or
anything like that right no no no no
that's yeah that's that's ongoing
[ __ ] you know but uh no I'm still
balling
okay all right you got you got a little
joke book last
time yeah I got a little joke book such
interesting things about you yet it's
such a terrible interview it's
absolutely
incredible B will you hit me with some
music real quick uh-oh Elaine
[Music]
uhoh
whoow W he's finally got some color in
his face
wow I love it all right I hope that
makes up for your dead
dad Leno Rodriguez there he goes
everybody there he goes all right Leno
Rodriguez
okay and yet it has
begun hey y'all this podcast is
sponsored by game time look I'm in the
business of selling tickets and I want
to make sure if you're buying a ticket
to a live event you're in good hands you
shouldn't have to worry when you buy
tickets to your next big event game time
is the fast and easy way to buy tickets
for all the sports music comedy and
Theater events near you with killer last
minute deals all in prices views from
your seat and our lowest price guarantee
game time takes the guest work out of
buying tickets or redband this app is so
easy to use Tony they got last minute
deals which can save you up to 60% off
buying last minute for sports concerts
comedy and theater it's also incredibly
easy to find and buy tickets for every
kind of event in your area you can get
panoramic views from your seat in the
venue before you buy ooh amazing Red
Band game time gives you the lowest
price guarantee or they will credit you
110% of the difference not to mention
your purchase is covered with the most
flexible customer service policy in the
ticketing industry take the guest work
out of buying tickets with Game Time
download the game time app create an
account use code Kil Tony for $20 off
your first purchase terms apply again
create an account redeem code k i l l t
o n y for $20 off that's why download
the game time app today last minute
tickets lowest price
guaranteed hey y'all ask any mom out
there running a busy household can be
pure chaos and stressful for the whole
family who has what win what's for
dinner what we need from the grocery
store did someone feed the dog the
mental load could be hard to stay on top
of but there's a way to make it all
easier for Mom and the entire family
this Skylight calendar Red Band The
Skylight calendar is a smart touchscreen
calendar and organizer for all your
chores groceries to-do list and a great
way to manage appointments to make sure
they never overlap and they're never
missed it helps keep busy households on
track and everyone on the same page so
families can get time back for moments
that matter that's right red B man I
love this calendar and I'm going to gift
it to every mom I know for Mother's Day
because that's the kind of guy I am
Skylight calendar is super easy to set
up no more constant reminders no more
cluttered paper calendars no more
worrying that someone has forgotten
something when the calendar is not in
use you can turn it into a digital
picture frame that's what I have 100%
satisfaction guaranteed if you don't
love the Skylight calendar you'll
receive a full refund they even offer
120-day money back guarantee and free
returns there a special limited time
offer for our listeners get 15% off your
calendar right now when you go to
skylight cal.com Tony get your Skylight
calendar now that's SK y l i g HT c
a.com Tony Mother's Day is right around
the corner so order today and get 15%
off your purchase at Skylight cal.com
Tony so here we go your next bucket pool
ladies and gentlemen a minute
uninterrupted goes to Jerry Carlin
everybody here we go with Jerry Carlin
[Applause]
I uh had a mustache for a while uh but I
think it looked silly on me so I started
uh clean shaving my
pubes I uh used to be a cutter but now I
just spit on
people my uh my grandpa is starting to
lose his judgment he can't really Drive
anymore and um there was a black outs in
his neighborhood and he almost shot the
guy sometimes I would like to be black
but uh makeup is
[Music]
expensive if uh Kanye West has taught us
anything it's that the Jews ain't worth
the squeeze
[Laughter]
a uh sex worker uh bit my dick once uh
so it was half
off St there okay Jerry Carlin very good
little uh some good old [ __ ]
oldfashioned I love it smart onliners
than delivered straight down the barrel
welcome to the show Jerry this is your
first time on correct yes I would
recognize you I do believe I saw you in
that new Nickelodeon
documentary Jerry welcome to the show
how long have you been doing standup uh
this is my second time second time
ever wow thank you how long have you
been writing and preparing for this uh
these jokes uh maybe a month or so and
how old are you writing I'm 21 21 years
old look at this a fantastic start to
your career uh you going to college
what's your story no um just High School
I don't really want college you're still
in high school
okay uh all right you are the world's
youngest pedophile I do
believe 21 out there chasing high
schoolers around you got to love it Ian
Edwards I mean he's so young he looks
like he has a skin
routine and I'm getting strong school
shooter Vibes at the same time yeah you
look like the Molester and the moleste
at the same time it's true it's true but
that's a compliment because that's a
tough gig to
get you're very funny your jokes are
great the structure is good there's a
lot of
misdirection what's your writing process
like
um sometime tonight I I I don't know I
just uh you know lieing lay in bed they
come to me I guess I don't really I'm
noticing that you're writing
started right when Texas made PornHub
illegal is there any truth to you
replacing your porn addiction with a
love for standup comedy I actually don't
watch porn W prove it hold on what how
what's your process there then
imagination what you [ __ ] Wily Wonka
what's going on over here very vivid
imagination okay what do you picture
when you are pleasing yourself good
question Tony now I'm the pedophile son
I don't know how the switch happened I'm
just trying to host a show but I made it
creepy I'm a big fan of uh prostitutes
some of those jokes are true oh my
goodness gracious look at you he didn't
even smile after he said
that that is amazing a 21-year-old into
the imaginary thoughts of a prostitute
just the thought of a woman charging
money yeah is enough to get him off Ian
Edwards now now when you say prostitutes
you mean killing them or [ __ ]
them good question Ian oh both both of
course both absolutely amazing Jerry car
is there now I've you know I've done a
little bit of walking the streets late
at night to make some extra cash right a
woman of the night oh yeah it's a it's a
tough gig but there's you know you have
to make sure your price points are fair
so what what what I guess what would be
if I were to you know if I showed you my
menu of sexual favors what would what's
too much right like for anal how much
would you pay uh how much would I pay
for anal yes I think that's where I just
[ __ ] ass yeah yes some really tough
interviews so far tonight it is I would
say under under 50 what whoa you dirty
little boy holy [ __ ] she's freaking out
about she was so offended by that price
and she's right that is and she's right
our butth holes are precious
right now did you mean 50 cents or
$50 okay okay okay stick with me here
Jerry how much for a [ __ ] on this
menu of uh oh that's e five $5 $5
blowjop this is incredible you sweet are
you a virgin no no no prove it that is
the craziest yes I've ever heard in my
life yeah I I think you I just I need to
okay so let's say you and I are in the
bedroom what sort of noises do you make
ready oh I'm
silent welcome to another episode of we
all knew that
already okay Jerry you're 21 how you
making money out there on these wild
Street Das uberit okay just driving
around I love it what kind of car do you
have Hyundai Elantra what's your license
plate okay um I love it what's your
living situation you still with your
parents yeah still with my parents are
they they live here in Austin yeah okay
so born and raised in Austin when did
you decide or think that you wanted to
maybe perhaps try standup comedy when
did this all start uh I didn't even uh
discover comedy until after 18 but just
uh watching it did your parents keep you
kind of away from things on no I just
never stumbled across it I guess you
don't playing video games or something
no I hate video games okay what were you
doing I'm a huge TV fan I don't talk to
people ooh this guy might be a true
comedian we're finding
here this incredible you do but for
somebody who doesn't talk to me you do
have a nice like you have an an air to
the the way you like I don't talk to
people like you sound like you own a
boat you know what I'm saying like
you're a very confident guy for not
having a lot of social interaction where
does that come I'm having a panic attack
oh right
now that was the funniest thing I've
heard
tonight much more honest and giving than
Leno Rodriguez's interview he's actually
being present talking about how he feels
in the moment this is incredible I love
it there's a there's a [ __ ] real
comedian back here Jerry Carlin what do
your parents think about do they know
that you're out here do yeah yeah
they're pretty supportive of me sure
yeah we don't we' never really brought
it up and talked about it right
interesting you don't talk to your
parents either don't talk to
anybody Ian Edwards you can't talk to
parents you
murdered this whole not talking to
anybody thing uh has this always been a
thing of yours uh no just um you know
out of high school it's just hard to to
meet new people after covid I kind of
drifted apart from a lot of my friends I
I only really have two two good friends
uhhuh what do you do with these two
friends uh just we really don't even
meet up that much just talk where do you
where do you talk uh you know messages
wow so you're a chat room
guy sure so Jerry if you're at the
dinner table with your parents and you
don't want to talk but they're trying to
strike up conversation like so Jerry
[ __ ] any cool [ __ ]
lately you just sit there in silence and
eat your meat love oh um I don't eat
dinner with them you don't eat dinner
with your parents this is a [ __ ]
amazing [ __ ] thing we have going on
here what do you eat you eat by yourself
yeah pretty much you take it up to your
bedroom yeah and you sit on the edge of
the bed with like a TV tray or do you
have a desk no I got this massive TV and
a nice recliner you sit in a recliner
and you continue to watch TV and you eat
your food kind of like on your on your
lap
that was a weird question Tony no I like
to paint the picture for people this is
all very frightening you're right it is
it's scared I'm scared to death right
now I'm more scared than he is right now
and I've been doing this for 11 years
but this kid doesn't talk to anybody his
whole life is just a bunch of blue
bubbles of messages can I ask a question
what would it take for you to interact
with your parents if Joe Rogan came down
here
tonight and said let's go to your house
and he dinner with your family would you
did you do it uh if Joe Rogan asked I
would yes okay okay well we have
exciting news for you somebody said bow
and arrow three times and Joe Rogan is
here and he wants have dinner with your
back okay um I'm I'm just really worried
for white kids
man this is the future what the [ __ ] is
going on with white kids you're right
it's a perfectly goodlook White young
male and you're staying home not talking
to anybody I used to be very ugly what
happened we get over it uh it was a it's
a drug called Accutane I had terrible
acne oh my goodness it works you got
[ __ ] perfect skin now yeah go talk to
women uh I should yes yeah you should
man wow well uh welcome to the uh
welcome to the universe Jerry Carlin not
only are you out in public but uh you're
thriving you're out here you found good
job keep at it
finally found some people you can talk
to thank you keep at it right that way
great job Jerry car ladies and gentlemen
and just the way that the [ __ ] thing
worked out tonight we actually get a
little Blast from the Past for those of
you curious of what Jerry Carlin looked
like very recently we have a golden
ticket winner here that is ready to
blast off with a brand new minute ladies
and gentlemen uh sensation
you know him you love him make some
noise this is a rare appearance by the
great and powerful Heath ctis
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
everybody Jerry needs to start doing
hard
[Applause]
drugs
uh just got out of my first like uh real
toxic relationship come on woo
W yeah it was great at first but then it
just got really needy and I needed space
so like uh I couldn't see her anymore
and that's why I said I hate to do this
but if you leave me I'll kill your
family burn your house town shoot my
brains out I don't give a [ __ ] I'm an
emotional wreck right now try
me now I legally can't see her anymore
it's all right I'm G to [ __ ] the [ __ ]
out of a lane
tonight that's the end of my minute
thank you guys 50 seconds from Heath
ctis I love it 50 seconds you'll only
need 22 with me
sweetheart save 30 for a rainy day you
know it wing
wing so far this show is a pedopiles
delight this is incredible we had a 21
one-year-old that said I just recently
got look
good-look just a moment ago and uh here
you are another 21-year-old back to back
mhm um and uh but not really
21 that's just what I had to say to like
get this
going wait what do you mean yeah you
[ __ ] up you
you you didn't do enough
background I checked your ID that night
that we met a good ID oh my God you
little son of a
[ __ ] so how old are you really uh I'll
never tell oh hell yeah why am I hard
okay um Heath let's get into it you're a
golden ticket winner here on Kil Tony
how's life been going how's your life
changed what's going on with you pretty
good uh I'm very happy I got a door guy
job at the mothership so that's
congratulations that's a big deal yeah
that's I've been spin my time just
trying to get better it's good to know
security is real tight around here
yeah I laugh every time I see them Pat
someone down cuz I'm just like what
right okay it's ironic you're the golden
ticket winner he's you look like Charlie
Bucket with autism yeah and this show is
willly Wonka with autism so you got to
stop smoking
kid do you smoke what do you what kind
of drugs do you do Heath all of them cuz
you told Heath is a wild boy I will tell
you that he is one of the lightest
people yet heaviest drinkers here at the
Mother Ship um he actually uh you got
[ __ ] face last last Thursday and missed
your flight he [ __ ] up I [ __ ] up you
Fu who who's [ __ ] up now huh me I
[ __ ] up you did and he uh I was going
to take him to do soldout theaters in
Boston and Baltimore and he slept
through his flights to the point to
where little fun fact is uh you know we
were're on the plane and it's about to
close up here in Austin Texas
and they came over the loudspeaker and
said if there's a heath Cordis please uh
ring your uh ringer and so of course I
message the the whole [ __ ] crew I go
is Heath and has anyone seen Heath no I
message you right and I did not get a
response
until after we landed in Boston so
I'm so sorry please I'm so sorry that
what I said that's right Bea text
message be a text message so it didn't
really translate no but that's how I
felt of course I do believe that but
just just to take you guys there I was
about 85% sure when we landed in Boston
and heard nothing back that is when we
went to the next level of who are his
roommates can we reach out to them
because we thought he was dead everybody
we literally thought that your condition
[ __ ] whatever's wrong with you
uh went into overdrive and [ __ ] it
was like still got at least three more
months so he who who woke you up out of
your race car bed who told you
that who told you it was time to perform
worst way to wake up no one woke me up
out of the race car bed and I was still
late you just woke up that's a plot of
Home Alone pretty much right
yeah so did you go bananja city did you
have pizza and ice cream and
yeah you got to
yeah really it is the ultimate uh lesson
in life you dealt with it very very well
you're still alive I had to go super
super easy to make sure I did not induce
a suicide um really close I did real
good with it right yeah you did great it
was very very very nice Tony's not
making anyone kill themselves thank you
so much thank you this is the episode
where we clear the air about me inducing
suicides which is a which is out there
in the Zeitgeist somewhere if you look
hard enough for it but if anybody would
have killed themselves it's the sweet
little boy with many conditions
scoliosis Benjamin buttons whatever the
[ __ ] you have you got it all what if
he's like that movie Jack with Robin
Williams and he's
65 how old so you said for you're really
not 21 eth I'll never tell okay now what
if Joe Rogan came down here and asked
you what was yeah he knows he knows okay
fair enough you said 65 which made me
think of something Have you ever 69ed
with anyone Heath have you ever have you
ever gotten your dick sucked while it's
impossible all right well that you have
to like hunch down like this you know
just like make it work logistically
every time I look at he I feel like some
ventriloquist is like where did my
puppet
go it is incredible Heath has your size
uh ever helped you with anything is
there ever a time where uh you use it to
your advantage a lot of leg space on the
flights that you've been missing yeah
it's what's crazy is I'm still getting
really claustrophobic on planes you do
yeah even even though I have the best
situation yeah for planes I still hate
them yeah did you get the board first
the
what no you don't I should I should get
the board first it's not fair they don't
go paging all passengers with Asbergers
it's your turn
yeah I don't know if it's Asbergers I
think he has sliders it's a little bit
smaller than a
burger that's funny stupid that's funny
that's a food joke thank you Ela that's
a food joke thank
you [ __ ] doesn't board at all
yeah stay it is incredible I got to stop
uh hiring openers that sleep in cribs
and can't get out in the morning very
rare you are the first person I do
believe I've ever worked with that slept
in on flights but you know what at the
end of the the day you doing it kind of
adorable that's good had it been C
Patterson there may have been some
racial slurs said or something like that
with you it's just like a hope he
doesn't hurt
himself that's what I go for so what did
you end up doing that weekend anything
fun not really just being sad right yeah
uh token that guy he reached out to me
and he said he wanted to hang out so
that like it was the rapper who went to
the show yeah we put that together name
is token I I don't know what you're
talking about well he was there he met
you um in Boston that's right y yeah we
met a rapper in Boston I found out
afterwards that he was a rapper I just
thought he was some [ __ ] quiet kid
hanging out I was listening to him since
like high school so like that just
rubbed the salt w three or four years
wow was that yeah I just did that yep um
okay well Heath um are you a big
gangster rap guy I try to be uhoh
why are you asking that question I don't
know I just felt like it might be time
for a rap battle yeah no
no what are you
doing who you're going to have him rap
news flash this ain't
Gatorade I just feel like if you're a
fan of rap at some point if you have
time off and you missed a flight you I'm
such a fan of rap that I'm not going to
rap on stage right now okay well you
could have just good move good move
thank you great okay if it's coming from
the black guy it probably is a
exactly great move well Heath another
fun 50 seconds you you know writing is
not easy and you wait you use your
golden ticket wisely and only come in
when you're ready for it and I love it
and you you're you're a very promising
young uh Buck congratulations 21y
old Heath ctis ladies and
gentlemen I'll see you tonight Heath no
condoms necessary way the [ __ ] up
dude
Celia oh my goodness thank you so much I
need that all right pulled another name
out of the bucket here we go 60 seconds
un interrupted from Andrew Ginsburg Here
Comes Andrew Ginsburg
[Music]
everybody here he is come on make some
noise for Andrew everyone
yeah I got called for jury duty last
week I Haven had to do that in a while I
was a little nervous I uh haven't had to
do it in a bit don't know anything about
the justice system I've seen uh 895
episodes of Judge Judy but that's it so
I didn't know what to expect you know
what I mean but my friends told me don't
worry there's a really long orientation
before they start so they'll teach you
everything you need to know about
sending somebody to jail but they didn't
tell us anything about that for 30
minutes the lady behind the counter all
she told us about was how to fill out
the address section of the juror form
the whole time I was there the whole
time she was just like if you live in a
house you're not going to put an
apartment number on the form you live in
a house sir why are you putting an
apartment number on the form you live in
a house this went on for 30 [ __ ]
minutes you know and I'm saying to
myself why are they telling us about
this instead of anything about the the
justice system why are they telling us
about this address form and it dawned on
me the other people in my group they
couldn't fill out the address form
they're struggling with it and just got
me thinking like these are your peers
this is the jury if you commit a crime
these [ __ ] people are going to
sentence you to prison they can't even
fill out the [ __ ] address form
there's a lady in my group in a kondik
bar at 9:30 in the morning you [ __ ]
kidding
me if if you eat ice cream before lunch
you're not qualified to send somebody to
prison I'm sorry that's how I feel about
that you know started taking my anger
out in the judge I was like dude you
studied law for what 20 years need help
from 30 random [ __ ] weirdos help you
make a decision get it together use your
brain you're a
lawyer it's like if I went to the doctor
and he was like I think you have good
Lord Almighty Andrew Jesus
Christ holy [ __ ] well here's someone
who's not going to get a titty
[ __ ] oh my God
what the [ __ ] was that hi Andrew hey how
you doing how long have you been doing
standup for six years oh boy sorry it's
a what was that well I'll tell you the
truth yeah please do I uh I have a tight
set but my friends are saying if you got
on the show to do something that you're
excited about that's new and it just
didn't transl oh wow your friends [ __ ]
you yeah your friends hate you Andrew
Ginsburg they sure do why don't you give
us an example six years in the game why
don't you do your best joke okay yep um
I just turned 35 recently thank you yeah
yep now I'm hanging out with all 25y
olds now I uh you know I realized uh you
know all my real friends got married and
moved to the suburbs and had kids so I
had to regroup I'm hanging all the 25y
olds you know oh [ __ ] no no no no I'm
not done oh [ __ ] maybe I will give you
that Teddy FU oh [ __ ] I'm just nervous
you live in New York yeah you know how I
know yeah you do that New Yorkers do
that and they do this
something to keep an eye on they can't
[ __ ] help them another thing is it's
[ __ ] terrible you make up for a lack
of everything with all this
[ __ ] no yeah you can't help yourself
just bombing and [ __ ] moving the mic
hey you can't tell I'm bombing look over
here [ __ ] New York
tricks Ian am I correct you've seen this
before right I've seen that before yeah
listen man the only way you can save the
rest of your time up here is if your dad
got killed by a bunch of baseball
bats she not wrong fair enough and if
you caught your girlfriend cheating you
better have some tragedy yeah Ginsburg
we got to get into it you got to save
this with an interview dude look he's
doing the double hand thing doesn't even
know
it I could go on and on people I've I
study this art form I've known it by the
way Shane and atel do the double hand
thing but they can get away with it it's
their thing that's why the rest of them
are doing
it anyway just got to get that
disclaimer out there before everybody
[ __ ] loses their minds um you suck
let's get into it uh six years your new
minute sucks your best joke sucks well I
I tripped on that I'm sorry I'm so
nervous okay apologies don't work here
but it's okay uh so uh tell us what
what's like good stuff that's happening
from you doing standup comedy why do you
continue to do this to yourself Well
normally I get laughs I know that seems
unbel right now in this let me tell you
let me tell you something cuz I
mentioned this earlier it's a hot crowd
I can't believe the stuff that I've
heard them laugh at tonight I know
honestly proud of them at staying solid
for your wretched set because I'm like
wow normally they laugh on Cadence alone
kind of like where there should be a
laugh but they
[ __ ] they kept it real on this one
they realized like oh [ __ ] we're going
to watch an actual bombing here today
yeah yeah yeah I would have rather you
queefed into the microphone any actual
jokes me too if you could do that that
would be amazing if you could do that
but you are but nerves is a part of it
right I'm nervous I don't feel that
great to be honest with you okay why
don't you hold on hold on I'm sorry to
interrupt the L why don't you feel great
well to be honest with you Tony the
pollen in Austin is killing me and I'm
just dying oh you [ __ ]
[ __ ] I feel that great I want hear
it I don't want to hear
it oh my God this just the truth take
some claring you [ __ ] Jew
I can say that I went to a barville 20
years ago I believe you I deserve
oh God why would you say that
[ __ ] it's the truth are you from New
York what the [ __ ] is wrong with you I'm
from
Jersey oh what do you mean you're from
Jersey but you you live in New York I
live in New York right so you're
originally from you're trying to like
claim Jersey all of a sudden no no I'm
just saying that's where I'm from I okay
all right I actually I actually kind of
get like the type of Comedy he was
trying to do sure it didn't hit so I I
understand like I can see where that
would work sure but if I ever hear you
tell some [ __ ] about your pollen
allergies
understood every we're again like
everybody that booed you are on [ __ ]
point yeah it
is it is something else uh the pollen
has gotten the best of you when did you
arrive here to Austin Texas a place that
naturally is pushing you away Thursday
night Thursday night and the pollen just
started flying up in your nostrils and
you're like o
they pretty much I mean that's wow well
you have to rise above it you know
there's going to be other hardships that
come your way right I'll take that as a
note Joe Rogan fights through pollen I'm
sure he does true like I like that
nature tried to stop this set exactly
exactly Texas has a way of uh of uh
keeping a certain type of people up in
New York you know what I mean
[Music]
like do your allergies affect you in
other places we do have we do have
allergies here people people get them
weak people yep yeah y just Texas no
they affect me other places right yeah
tell us some more Super jewy things
about you well I'm only I'm only half
Jewish my mom's Italian oh wow you know
those Italian and their allergies you
know what I mean so I'm not all the way
all right well okay I wanted to tell you
the truth about that too oh you always
say I'm GNA be honest I'm going to tell
you the truth I'm gonna be honest here
Tony I'm GNA tell you the truth you're a
[ __ ] you're a little liar aren't you
no not about this now riddle me this uh
Ginsburg is your last name what's your
first name Andrew Andrew if you were to
tell a lie that was funnier than the
truth yeah like what would your excuse
was not pollen what what could you come
up with that might be funny to say
instead of I'm allergic to [ __ ]
flowers yeah I was doing meth till 9:30
in the morning I'm sorry you know all
right well
try I'll tell you the truth Elaine I uh
I'm allergic to uh
Palestine that's that's funny that is
all right now what how do you write do
you write uh do you do you write I do
write yes yeah funny
chamber I mean you know I write as much
as I can give us your second best joke
how hear your second best joke we went
through the 3525 you're up here for a
reason we still think there something in
years in the game let's hear your second
best joke let's say take a deep breath
first all right I appreciate it yeah
well that's just going to put more
pollen in his nasal
passage we're going to give you a
[ __ ] what's that shot we're going to
give you a epinephrine or something all
right okay here we go his second best
joke six years I'll tell you the truth
here he goes I'm going to be uh I just
found out that my cat has diabetes ah
which is strange I never had a cat
before it's kind of like having a
girlfriend again I just follow around my
apartment saying I'm sorry I'm wonder
why she hates me so much you know it
turned to the same thing but I came home
the other day and she was in the corner
of my apartment she's peeing and she's
crying I'm like first of all this is New
York pay rent that's my corner for
peeing and crying you know then I took
her to the vet and the vet said she has
diabetes I'm like how does a cat get
diabetes all my friends like what are
you feeding your cat like I'm giving the
cat cat food dude my cat can't speak I
don't know my cat's in pain you know my
mom has diabetes and that makes more
sense cuz I call her every Sunday and
I'm like Mom what are you making for
dinner and she's like I'm having a nice
healthy cake okay get why you have
diabetes that makes sense you know my
cat doesn't
[Music]
[Applause]
walk that sign fell dude that was
pramer what the [ __ ] was that oh my God
this is an anomaly
I love the commitment though yeah my cat
got diabetes diabetes everybody got
diabetes do you say I promise I'm not
crazy yeah well that's why you should
have open the whole set I will that's
funny that's honest you are a little
crazy though huh I guess so tell us
something real and crazy about you that
would surprise us give us something from
your Italian side you ever do anything
exciting or uh anything at all really
anything other than complainy whiny
unfunny
[ __ ] that hurt this is the show you
signed up for I understand I know okay
let's go what's what's something that
would surprise us about you Ginsburg I
don't know if you'd find it surprising
but I've been asked to officiate six
weddings I could believe that yeah it's
not surprising at all yeah so seems like
that's what you would be good at very
serious speaking
role like in the real world or like on
Sims yeah the real world the real world
I still can't get over like you saw a
guy that was 21 years old that is like
suffering with some [ __ ] do do his
material another guy his dad died and
then you're like I have a
[Laughter]
pollen you you you know how much damage
was up
here he's right you think you've ever
killed before six years in the game have
you ever killed I promise I do you
promise you do I have yeah yeah you have
I go up every day you go up every day
yeah and that's what you did you have a
third best joke that might hit here who
wants SS I know I know we're 11 minutes
into this guy people are going to be
like why did you keep them up here I
don't care I want to hear your third
best
joke if cat has diabetes is number two
and I'm 35 hanging out with 25 is number
one no it's not number one I didn't cuz
you got to have I didn't finished that I
I'm just let's the third best joke
ladies and gentlemen here he is try to
think of one that maybe has like a short
setup and a big punch here we go Andrew
[Music]
Ginsburg six years of New York comedy
supposedly the comedy capital of the
world and here is Andrew Ginsburg six
years into being a new comedian New
Jersey New Jersey no no no no he's been
doing it in New York originally from New
Jersey but here he is New York comedian
everybody Andrew
Ginsburg yeah we already did this go
ahead into it um well I'll be honest
okay go
ahead I was saying to my friends I feel
like I'm like a raging alcoholic you
know what I mean they're like a don't
makes you say that Ginsburg you're not
partying that hard I'm like I don't know
if you wake up at every single big night
you're Googling am I an alcoholic you're
definitely an alcoholic right I feel
like most people don't do that they're
not like should you have [ __ ] in a
blender last night did people do that
what's the third result say on this
Google Search you know but uh I'm trying
to
roll that's not
fair this is [ __ ] amazing
oh this is amazing Ginsburg let me ask
you something I've noticed and at first
I thought there was no way that it was
really happening but I've noticed that
you do this thing you know what you do
no sir this thing where you kind of
[ __ ] and then I you know and then and
then you know you notice that you do
that yeah what is that that's some
Jersey [ __ ] some Jersey [ __ ] again no
he's a New York comedian I want those
New York Comics to see one of their own
out here just [ __ ] you're on lineups
out there right yeah yes yeah up there
with everybody else this is what's going
on in New York comedy right now right
it's not my best night
it's not my best night that is one of
the funniest things you've said in 13
and a half minutes holy
[ __ ] we got to get you out of here dude
all right you tried you tried your best
though right you feel good no I don't
I'm
sorry there you go there's a little bit
of honesty in the moment a little joke
book there he goes Andrew Ginsburg
ladies and gentl thank it baby it B
there he
goes wow
[Music]
wow that is what this show is all about
right there sometimes you're watching
the future and sometimes you're watching
the past in real time Anything Can
Happen what's up horse heads the
Kentucky Derby is returning to Church
Hill Downs for an unforgettable day at
the races that's right in celebration of
the 150th race your boys have teamed up
with DraftKings to bring you the
ultimate Derby experience right now they
are offering new customers who sign up
through our special tiny litty bitty
link and use promo code KT Derby a 100%
deposit bonus up to $250 when you
deposit a minimum of $25 a red B that's
absolutely right Tony DraftKings is
matching your deposit dollar for dollar
up to $250 when you deposit $25 or more
that's incredible Red Band I can't wait
to bet my hard-earned cash on the ponies
already a DraftKings player well you can
use your same login to start betting on
the races now there's no need to waste
time making an account so get ready to
Saddle Up This Race season download the
number one ranked horse betting app in
America using the link down below and
make sure to sign up with our promo code
KT Derby The Winner Circle
awaits hey y'all this podcast is
sponsored by liquid death there are two
things I love in this world liquid and
death and you know what kind of liquid I
like water you've seen the cans before
to the naked eye it may look like a beer
or some crazy energy drink but of course
it's not it is delicious water maybe
you've noticed a cooworker cracking a
tall boy in your 9:00 a.m. meeting and
you thought they were a dirty alcoholic
well you were wrong because they were
drinking liquid death liquid death is
actually a healthy beverage brand that
makes mountain spring water low sugar
sodas and low sugar Iced Teas too I bet
you're wondering why a health beverage
would be called liquid death who knows
better than that than red man well Tony
that's because liquid death will
brutally murder your thirst and their
infinitely recyclable cans are helping
to bring death to single-use plastic
bottles liquid death also donates a
portion of profits from every can sold
to help kill plastic pollution well put
red band my favorite flavor is convicted
melon and I drink it every time I need a
cold refreshing beverage it's also super
fun to drink in public because people
think it's a beer beer makes you look
cool and I like looking cool but you
know what else is cool staying hydrated
get free shipping of liquid deaths
Mountain Waters flavored sparkling and
IC T8 packs with Amazon Prime or grab a
can or a case at your local 7-Eleven
Target Walmart
Whole Foods God a lot of options to get
things go to liquid.com Tony to check
out all their healthy infinitely
recyclable Beverages and find your
closest retailer That's liquid.com Tony
liquid.com
Tony put your hands together another
bucket pull 60 seconds uninterrupted for
Matt sterm everybody here we go Matt
Sturm hey guys
[ __ ] how's it going I'm getting a little
fat
uh you're not fat why are you laughing
man you're a little fat you are you
piece no you're a good guy uh I'm
getting a little fat guys uh I was with
a girl recently she tried to titty [ __ ]
me yeah you ever have that happen yeah
she was starting to milk me like a
[ __ ] ravaging beast she was [ __ ]
pulling my tits and [ __ ] uh I'm Matt by
the way uh I'm German and Jewish so I
want to kill
myself you know
uh yeah it's not a joke uh what else
guys [ __ ] man uh Passion of the Christ 2
came out quick I can do this fast
Passion of the Christ 2o came out
quickly Mel Gibson announced it it's a
good time for him to hate Jews right
[ __ ] you can laugh I just said I'm J I'm
Jewish it's okay how you guys feel about
Hamas you like
Hamas no oh you don't like it
huh uh what I can't I what did did you
say oh that's it wow wow all right looks
like it looks like Ginsburg cursed the
show I know all right Matt STM relax
relax take a breath for a moment I'm fat
so I can't [ __ ] breathe man okay Matt
relax relax how long you been on standup
uh just about a little longer than
Ginsburg okay why don't you tell us how
long you've been doing standup Matt oh
about 8 years years where at
where at uh well it was it's been hard
cuz I'm from Vermont originally live in
Connecticut the dreaded Connecticut so I
would have to take a train in New York
uh do a bunch of New York New York
comedian ladies and
gentlemen
wow oh that's does that work there no
okay you know listen man I'm I'm from
New York these [ __ ] is not from New
York yeah I'm not I'm from New
England you look hot no you're Comedy
Store guy Ian did you start in New York
yeah I started in New York yeah yeah and
I did like the Boston the the seller
yeah and then I moved to LA and I'm a
store guy so I'm a both I'm you're a
true store guy though I mean I've known
you there every week for 17 years right
yeah you're the great here and I've
never seen you ask a random crowd member
when you're bombing hey uh you into
Hamas yeah this guy got thrown off by
everything by the way nobody in New York
would do that [ __ ] it's a good question
that's not a bad question now I don't
know if the answer but well you you look
like you drive Uber do you drive Uber oh
I've been in an Uber just start what do
you do for work uh I'm looking for work
I don't have a job what was your last
job uh I worked at a restaurant I was a
waiter okay how long did you do that for
oh uh [ __ ] 10 years how recently did
you lose that job uh about a 6 months
man okay so how do you have enough money
to survive 6 months I was in my mom's
basement I I wasn't doing [ __ ] man so I
came down here uh how long have you been
here I've been here about you know uh a
little more than a month I think going I
love it I'm having a [ __ ] blast what
are you doing for fun here that you're
having such a blast uh I'm just going
all all sorts of mics and shows and
having a good time being around other
awesome Comics that are really nice the
scene's really tight-knit there's a lot
of cool guys around here that are super
nice so wow what an adorable answer um
okay uh what's your uh what do you do
for fun anything other than standup
comedy oh you know Tony sometimes I just
take a long [ __ ] look at the river
and I think about the uh you know that
lady men that you've been murdering
there yeah well the ladybird Lake killer
still is at rise you know we don't know
who it is but there's some uh there's
some
rumors don't make me do it again red
man is Ginsburg staying with you while
he's out here no no no I met him tonight
but oh
sure uh well I recognized him from new
yor half Jewish yes from the East Coast
well only a few of us survived that
thing that uh happened topical um so
let's talk about it here Matt um you do
recognize Ginsburg from New York's
comedy scene I've seen his face for sure
we talk do a fun thing since uh we had
him try this why don't we hear your best
joke you didn't do it tonight you you
were saying what else in 35 seconds so
let's do a little fun thing yeah a
little New York edition of your best
joke 8 years as a standup comedian
grinding and grueling taking a train am
I correct from Connecticut to New York
City yep grinding and grueling slinging
my [ __ ] good ass jokes okay here you
are your best joke ladies and gentlemen
Matt Sturm and
go I'm gay oh crickets no oh okay my
best joke I don't do I am bad at one
liners Tony do a good one okay hell yeah
man uh [ __ ]
on the spot just do no no not the right
one dude mat Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt
don't make more noises into the
microphone it's not helping you sorry
sorry sorry just listen wait so when you
were working at the restaurant if they
were like hey how's the Caesar salad
will you just go I'm gay and pull your
shirt up yes yes that's how I got my
tips okay so stick with me here yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah eight years of
standup I'm not asking you to write a
joke now I'm asking you to do the best
joke you've ever I've ever written there
you go what's the best joke I've ever
written there he goes Matt sterm
everybody there you go I know I don't
know what the best joke is byebye Matt
there he goes very good blackl do not
touch these people anymore no more
handshakes or high fives or anything by
the way that's not a
[Music]
thing two New York comedians back to
back and
now and now Tony and now sorry and I by
the way I don't know why you're claiming
New York this is like he said he's from
Connecticut where they do standup is
what I'm counting here he goes to New
York but obviously is not stand I don't
care where they're [ __ ] where they
sleep it's where they perform these guys
are on lineups in New York
City anyway your next
comedian uh is a regular on this show
you're going to see 6 seconds
uninterrupted from an Austin comedian
that works here fulltime let's see what
happens this is a brand new minute this
guy has to do this every single week
this isn't he's not reaching for a
minute of the best standup that he's
done in8 years this is a brand new
minute from the one and only cam
Patterson everybody
[Music]
[Applause]
hey them last [ __ ] was terrible
dog uh we was recently in Utah uh and
usually when I go to a state they
usually got most white people I I look
up on the Internet what uh what side of
the Civil War they was on
and cuz you have to to be safe as a
black man right and Utah wasn't even a
state when the Civil War was going on
but whoever the [ __ ] was in Utah sided
with the union and that's cool that's
great good team I [ __ ] with them you
know what I'm saying I like that a lot
but I will tell you that the population
in Utah of black people is
1.6 so even though they was like we
don't [ __ ] with slavery they also was
like we don't want you [ __ ] over here
neither stay the [ __ ] out of Utah [ __ ]
I will tell you I like Utah cuz they got
they got mountains dog and like I I
never thought I was going to be able to
see Mount Mount Everest that close you
feel
me what's so [ __ ] funny dog I'm from
Florida every Mount of me is my Everest
[ __ ] I only know three mountains Mount
Everest Mount karro big word and
uh and Splash Mountain dumb
[Applause]
ass 1 minute 9 seconds from a man that
has to write a new minute every week in
front of a million people cam
Patterson I don't know how this turned
into a New York versus Austin [ __ ]
Harlem Globe Trotters game but I love it
come on now this what we do man just a
Prof Bing all over two white
nerds them [ __ ] was hey what hey the
last [ __ ] the [ __ ] that went before uh
Heath Jerry y'all don't y'all let that
[ __ ] go home what do you mean he's a
[ __ ] serial killer dog oh I know
nobody stop I talk to
nobody somebody arrest this [ __ ] dog he
kills
people he [ __ ] murders people man
it's [ __ ] up how they wait to find the
bodies yeah it's like we he
he's right there just get him get him
right now man he gets rid of the bodies
he not only does he seem like a murderer
but he also seems like the guy that
knows the chemical compound to put in a
barrel to put the body into the barrel
for the body to disintegrate completely
I've never seen anybody look more like a
sniper bro yeah you kept asking you was
like so do you who do you talk to I
don't talk to
nobody what about your parents what
parents but that niggaer terrified the
[ __ ] out me dog I was in the back like
nobody sees this
[ __ ] nobody sees Jeffree D reincarnated
[ __ ] [ __ ] pissed me off
man okay Cam you've never been you've
never talked to yourself late at night
just laying in bed being like look how
great my big back [ __ ] is you do that
you know I talk to myself I think
everyone does it but you're right his is
a little crazier remember the first time
I met you yes you do yes it was
Applebees no you no
you came you came to the Atlanta Empire
when I first started doing comedy and I
asked you to do a guest spot that's
right and you looked me dead in my face
to eat my [ __ ] [ __ ] and I said no I
don't want to do that and then I didn't
do that you didn't do that well the
night is young my
friend I remember too I remember I said
what's your name and you go Cam and I go
what's the last name you go patteron I
go good I just want to get it right when
I tell the police it's good to
see but you remind me of my old driver
cam so it's good to see
you like Driving Miss Daisy
[ __ ] I know that movie I know that
movie yeah okay it's aass denel was in
it [ __ ] wasn't he in it wasn't Denzel in
that movie yeah I think so yeah it's
Moran fre
[Applause]
damn the white people got me dog I'm
forgetting black people now I'm [ __ ]
up I'm [ __ ]
up that looked really fun you guys
having a good time that
was hey you a question at the uh orando
improv that was good and look at you now
you're grinding it's good for you I'm
very proud of you working our asses off
I you feel good for you you have to I do
feel you you crushed harder than uh than
Leno's uh dad with that bat there's a
joke there somewhere but yeah you uh
you're murdering tonight that's what I'm
saying I killed his dad okay we I don't
know I don't know why I said that take
that out please cam you you definitely
you don't waste your words is what I
appreciate you're get tile with your
jokes thank you a very natural editor
it's very very visible on these shows
that that we're doing on the road in
massive theaters cam has a brand new
tour coming up where are those tickets
at uh cam so funny no yeah cam so
funny.com I pretty sure that's it yeah
cam with One S so funny two o's two o's
two o's C Camp so funny oh God yeah IDE
oh that's terrible I made that I made
that [ __ ] do you hate selling tickets
you'd be better with so like sew well
somebody tell my dad that [ __ ] he don't
know the difference oh your dad that
literally can't spell oh you got to be
kidding me your dad came up with your
website name that's a great we put two
o's on he literally thought he was
spelling it correctly this is this is
when H this is where having a father
hurts
you Cam you're absolutely killing it
thank you for reminding everybody how
good a second be on this show great to
see you
player two years in the game by the way
cam Patterson 2
years so you see what's going
on hey y'all this podcast is sponsored
by mood you know red ban I'm going to
celebrate 420 this year by doing a show
at the comedy mother ship with the great
Joe Rogan and some very special guests
who we all know but most importantly I'm
going to Vibe out with some mood
products Browse by different moods and
get 20% off your first order and a free
thca pre-roll with promo code kill Tony
at hood.com Redban Tony i l o v e some
THC you sure do and some KFC too by
looks at things come on the mood
products are fantastic I love their
Vapes and gummies the most they make me
feel nice and relaxed when I'm hanging
out with all my
friend what I love even more is how
quickly it was delivered introducing THC
a flower mood's latest and most potent
breakthrough in the world of legal
cannabis when you heat thca it changes
into THC and that's what causes the
classic High feeling and mood has 10
high inducing strains the most potent
they've ever offered there are different
strains for specific moods from euphoric
to energize creative to chill and plenty
of versatile products that go with
whatever mood you're going for celebrate
420 exactly how you want with mood get
20% off your first order plus a free
thca pre-roll at hood.com with promo
code killtony have an infinitely good
time that's hello
o.com code kill Tony we're back to the
bucket ladies and Gentlemen let's see
what happens here you've seen how crazy
it can get this is 60 seconds
uninterrupted by Davey Jackson the Kil
Tony debut or reappearance of Davey
Jackson uh so I've been trying out some
new jerk off
techniques uh actually invented a couple
new techniques not to brag but uh one of
them's very similar to The Stranger feel
like The Kill Toney universe is pretty
familiar with the stranger all right
yeah for those of you that don't know
it's a jerk off technique where you sit
on your own hand until it goes
numb and then you jerk
off and it feels like a stranger's
jerking you off yeah pretty cool
technique I can't take credit for that
when I did not invent it but the one I
invented is actually very similar though
it's called the reverse
stranger that's right
it's where you sit on your own
dick until it goes
numb then you jerk off and it feels like
you're jerking off a stranger pretty
[ __ ] cool guys that's a good one not
a bad technique
yeah that's a good
one this final technique is the one I'm
most excited about been trying it out a
lot uh it's where you sit on someone
else's dick
until it goes
numb and that is actually just gay it's
very very gay been going through a lot
pretty confused I'm Davey Jackson thank
you there you go Davey Jackson welcome
back you've been on this show before yes
sir I remember you well uh so welcome
back thank you how's life going for you
H it's it's good man I I got too
confident and put my hair in a ponytail
tonight which I I felt good about but
then one of my friends told me I look
like a founding father I was pretty
upset about that hell yeah hell yeah
forefathers I'm trying to [ __ ] a girl
with no fathers you know what I'm
saying wow look at this he was ready
ready for an interview on kill Tony this
is
incredible almost someone that seemed
like they wanted to be on a comedy show
how's the pollen affecting you
today bro I don't know what that's in
reference to but I've been snorting a
lot of coke so I don't know if it's the
pollen
or very good where's the craziest place
you've done cocaine
at off of Miss D flamer tits I
guess D flamer now was D was D flamer
was that a joke or was that a slip
up I think he's calling you a gay Mrs
dfire okay fair enough well you just
talked yourself out of a titty [ __ ]
my so the jok's on you sit on your own
dick again huh
[Applause]
oh boy oh my God sipping on the sisser
over here the great Elaine okay so uh
Dave Jackson We I remember you used to
sell what pain pills or oxycotton or
something like that what was it any
pills right you were selling pills what
are you up to nowadays I just got a
hernia uh yeah okay how' you do that
congratulations thank
you uh literally blowing my nose too
hard my guts popped out wow how old are
you what's that how old are you 40
[ __ ] God that's scary oh my God yeah
just wait till I get my age a [ __ ]
starts growing pubic
cares I just sit on your own dick again
huh no I'm sorry it sucks getting older
sucks and I'm going to tell you so the
Hern thing I feel bad for you well how'd
you how'd you fix it what'd you do I
haven't gotten it fixed yet it's still
[ __ ] [ __ ] there uh I have to go for
surgery so guess who's re-upping on pain
pills let's [ __ ] go let's go okay
business is a boom what's your love life
like right now you're a good-looking guy
ponytail energies appreciate that uh
dude it's it's [ __ ] right now actually
how's that possible dude I think I
[ __ ] all the Latin girls in San
Antonio I think I just ran through all
of them okay so I'm having to go to
white girls and they're boring as [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] y'all are boring what's the
difference between a Latin girl and a
white girl yes literally everything yeah
see there they are yeah run down the
list run down the list uh one makes you
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches the
other one stabs you there we go that's a
big difference
yeah yeah uh who's crazy they come with
kids right and that's great I mean I
love kids not like that but I okay I
walked into that one you do dress like a
softball coach that beats the
children which is a tough gig to get I
wore the tonight I thought Tony would be
wearing one too I am a I am a big
supporter of the vest of late got a new
one this weekend my friend gave me a new
vest I'm excited about it it's got a fur
interior you'll probably see it on the
next episode of kill
Tony vest are fun when I first when I
first got here I started dressing like a
cowboy for a while and then I'm looking
out and like the real cowboys wear vests
like you're from
Texas yeah you're yeah exactly see what
I mean like and I'm like wait what's the
thing with the vest I'm like it's weird
because your arms are going to get
chilly and your body's going to be warm
I don't get it and then I tried it
[ __ ] unbelievable it looks so cool
it's unbelievable it's a [ __ ]
no-brainer it's a purse it's also a
fanny pack a purse you name it it
connects everything instead of having a
big bundle of keys you know what I mean
for all the for all the natural uh
amenities that you have in your life you
know what I mean uh in your pocket you
have them in your vest pocket he's
talking about drug people what the [ __ ]
do you wear a condom when you [ __ ] oh
well when he's with a Latina chick
yes I TR I try to I really do try to uh
but it's it's actually the Latin girls
that it just ends up coming off every
time yeah did they take it off or do you
take it off or is it uh it's a joint
effort I think does it just disappear
from wishful
thinking they just snatch it up in their
[ __ ] oh okay not even I I didn't even
like that the way you said that yeah
that
was and I've been offering up free titty
fcks but that was crossing the line
so Dave you're already have a big joke
book right I do yes well we're just
going to Red Band I would like uh to
have you on the secret show
Thursday on a real
show a real setup a real punchline a
real 60 seconds from Davey
Jackson uh this handwriting is pretty
bad but I'm going to try this anyway
it's Jose
oh how about a hand for the lovely Heidi
everybody make sure you follow her Gina
with 3 a. HG or something like that I
don't know camoff funny.com figure it
out all right this last name is a tough
one his is out of the bucket Make some
noise for Jose vanas or vanillas or OAS
here he is Jose everybody make some
notes for Jose these people wait all day
for
this I used to uh I used to weigh well
over 300 lb yeah doctors kept calling me
weird names like severely unhealthy or
morbidly
obese I just thought I was round and
lovable you know I also suffered from uh
what I believe a lot of people also
struggle with in this room it's called
Uh being
stupid uh I only say I was stupid cuz I
let my mom do my back to school shopping
at Tractor
Supply yeah she got me a shirt had a
picture of a barn on it it said and I
quote what happens in the barn stays in
the barn that's beastiality 101 guys I
don't know what to tell you I don't know
all right before I go uh I have a buddy
his name is
Nick uh every time I see him I go hey
Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick
Nickelodeon you guys get it it's cuz
he's a
pedophile hi
wow all right okay Jose how do you say
that last name oras
ornellas wow okay hi Jose how long you
been doing standup in New York
um
Tony a little over a year you were in
New York no sir oh Jesus where at almost
having San maros where ah San Antonio
San Antonio yes sir you're close
[ __ ] dialed in I am I can tell you
the free way to get there right now
that's the New York of Texas though
everyone knows that it is San Marcos is
the uh the least uh least funny part of
Texas okay Jose got awful appearance I
mean unbelievably bad incredible yeah
you made Andrew Ginsburg look like Dave
Chappelle
a so uh you brought the show down to a
new low you've seen the show before
correct
oh I mean of course not sir you haven't
seen the show I mean I've seen Clips
I've seen what happens but do you know
what happens at this part uh yeah this
is where I get flamed dog well not
necessarily can you tell us interesting
things about your life that maybe would
have been more interesting for you to
talk about tonight in your minute um any
fun facts about you that you think makes
you different than everybody else here
different than everybody well first of
all I'm me all right type [ __ ] type [ __ ]
first of all uh thank you what huh what
did you just
say did you just say I'm me I'm me oh
[ __ ] dude all right all right all right
all right all right you want something
real you want something real you want
something real elementary school right I
was feeling not too good I went to use
the restroom I had to take a number two
and then I threw up in my underwear you
know what I still had to walk to class
to tell my teacher hey hey I I got to go
to the nurse so did you or did you not
[ __ ] your pants Oh I no I [ __ ] in the
toilet but I threw up in my pants have
you ever done that no [ __ ] are you talk
about [ __ ] new Low's dude new Low's
elae stop you're going to make it funny
sorry Jose I'm just going to I'm going
to save you I'm going to get you out of
here right now don't do that yeah I'm
going to do it you got to go buddy no
jokebook keep it no little jokebook no
big jokebook prepare next time do a
minute of standup comedy it's okay there
he goes Jose ladies and gentlemen there
goes
Jose but you know what I want to do
something really special right now cuz
you know we've seen some bombs tonight
we've we've hit some lows and you saw
cam Patterson bring it back you saw
Casey rocket come out with energy and
silliness and fun punchlines let's do
something really really
fun when you hear that noise you know
some shit's about to go down
uh someone one of our regulars has taken
a long Hiatus to prepare for his rematch
at The Forum it has been months since
this man has done a minute on the show
if you know the words sing it ladies and
gentlemen this is Hans
[Music]
[Applause]
Camp told you it's not easy
[Applause]
I uh love it here in Texas cuz I can say
[ __ ]
here just can't jerk off to them
anymore just got to picture it in your
head like the good old
days um yeah love uh the ladies you know
a lot of ladies get mad at me because
they send me nudes and I don't send
nudes in
return I'm like why would I return a
gift with a felony
I was recently in San Francisco it's the
mecca of Asians I love San Francisco
it's the only place Asian women have
asses I was like holy [ __ ] is that an
Asian girl with an ass or a 12-year-old
Latino
boy thank you wow Hans Kim
I miss you buddy I miss you too Tony wow
the pop from the crowd was insane the
return of one of the all-time greats
you've watched him write and perform
hundreds and hundreds of minutes on this
show and here he is back better than
ever still
Asian you could tell that he's coming
off a weekend with me in Utah which
keeps being a running theme on the show
because I did take him and cam Patterson
and Casey rocket to you
and Hans is the only one baller enough
to go straight to the airport and buy a
[Laughter]
shirt try to get the people on his side
right from the arrival how how did you
end up with a Utah hoodie like that I
for I didn't check the weather I thought
it'd be like Texas beautiful and
habitable to human beings uhhuh unless
you're allergic to
pollen o it makes you
unfunny I don't know if you guys have
the same reaction of paen as Andrew
Ginsburg
but you up in to see Andrew Ginsburg
earlier yeah he was uh yeah he was there
I uh apparently he's allergic to
jokes my sweet sweet Hans Kim Elaine
what do you think about Hans well as far
as Asian uh comedians go you're pretty
good I um now Hans you're very funny
your jokes are always on point you're
always writing the new stuff what is uh
so you got to Utah what' you see what
you what' you do I mean Utah was great
women are very beautiful there Mormons
they are beautiful but they don't put
out um so you can look but don't touch
that was my policy but I did do a little
bit of touching there you go Hans how
does Hans Kim find uh what What's your
move on the road you know what I'm
saying you slide into DMS what do you do
I just hang around and wait for someone
famous to invite women to the show
uh what okay what the [ __ ] H I don't
even know what you're talking about dude
what why would I do
that I'm gay
remember I love being gay it's a song
Ooh penis in the butt
hey there you go thank you red man for
the easy out
there okay um um I love it Hans uh
anything else we should know about what
do you promote what do you want to plug
something uh I'm in like North Carolina
South Carolina coming up soon doing a
bunch of dates there so check it out on
my website I have also in North and
South Korea coming up
uh okay what else um I am uh in an open
relationship so feel feid to take
advantage of
that Hans is what you think he is he's
brutally h honest and ridiculously horny
what's the oldest chick you've been with
Hans what you say El what's the oldest
chick you've been with probably like 68
holy [ __ ] oh my God hold on this might
be we the guy that I've interviewed the
most uh that's been on this show tonight
and we find this out right now yeah Lane
brought it out of me yeah why like to
put it in
me tell us about this 68-year-old Hans
where were you I was in Seattle
Washington doing uh open mics and uh you
know this is Asian she was a grandmother
or no she was just a mother I guess she
had a really young daughter and uh yeah
I didn't meet the daughter there was no
weirdness but um so you don't think the
68 was weird so wait she saw you at an
open mic and she's like you're funny
come back to my place she never said I
was funny but okay
I pictured it in my head you went back
to her place yes okay tell us how this
goes down exactly it was great yeah she
actually did this thing where I was in
missionary and then she put her legs in
between mine and she squeezed and it was
like it was like a 49-year-old
vagina
wow wow Elaine do you know about this
move well I do know that if you 69 to
68y old uh you get a free bowl of
chicken fried
rice if it's Asian on Asian which I
sounds like it was yeah yeah now are you
almostly are you only attracted to Old
Asians or an old white of a sneak in
there I'm attracted to you know young
Asians but uh yeah it was an open mic
micer that was all I could get wow but
she was great okay uh did you wear a
condom I think so yeah she was pretty
respons 68y old yeah she probably had a
lot of
history she probably did it's not like
you could get a pregnant so I guess you
was good know if it's over 60 I can
vouch Hans there's a lot of stuff up and
I've got a DVD of Frasier in my [ __ ]
right
now so I can confirm I see the corner of
it hanging out there really is a DVD
Fraser in Elaine's [ __ ] right now Red
Band what was she wearing like was she
like sweatpants she had two bags like
she have a samurai sword on her or
something like that some type of uh she
have H was she wearing a Asian takeout
box she looked a lot like elain's outfit
tonight no she looked like a young you
you know everything looked great until
you know the face was a little old but
sure other than that it looked like it
wasn't what I was
doing wow I don't know if that last
sentence added up for H now what's your
move with a 68-year-old that's my last
question what's your what's your move
how do you how do you grease the wheels
I'm just like hey you got any cookies
for me or you know I I'll sit on your
lap you know I'm down and she's like you
ever heard of Andrew
Ginsburg yeah he's got allergies I think
at him yeah he's he's a great guy okay
what uh when do you think you made her
orgasm the definitely not definitely not
what happened exactly did you not last
long uh no she was just like I'm 68 I'm
not going to let you make me come like
that wow she told you that yeah see how
asking another question sometimes gets
you to the [ __ ] End Zone she told you
specifically that you weren't going to
make her come yeah she could tell she's
like you're not good
[Laughter]
enough was she a massage therapist or
something like what was she like you
know what she did do you know what she
did for work uh no she was just normal
Asian so
yes what was her place like it was like
a house in seatt two stories pretty
pretty nice you walked in and you just
[Applause]
[Music]
heard I actually know that song did you
just play that yeah that was me John
stop Let Me Shine for a second stop
playing it
[Music]
right I'm backwards I'm backwards pretty
good I'm trying my best
other way shut up muing you ate a
hamburger during sound check you [ __ ]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[ __ ] he's trying to get revenge on me
over here play it right no one cares
about the
notes I can play
the there you go oh my God God damn it
no that was it the OCD and the MSG are
all mixing right now this is incredible
all right Hans you're a [ __ ] Legend
his first appearance in months thank you
Tony do you want to say anything to Rick
Diaz out there I'm sure he's watching
you're a bad person and everyone's going
to know it soon wow he's looking for his
second victory in a row Hans Kim Live
From The Forum in Los Angeles kill Tony
makes its return to La at the Kia Forum
what special treat huh all right the
show's going long but let's get one more
uh bucket pull out
here Make some noise for your next
comedian 60 seconds for MADD G everybody
Maddy
[Music]
[Applause]
G do uh do gay guys
queef I think covid tests or a lot like
uh s
tests if you don't take it you don't
have
it
um I've been taking biotin to uh grow
out all my facial hair I didn't know
that biotin was a hair
supplement for all your
hair I got a bush down there
so yeah now every time I want to take a
dig pck I got to hire a team of Mexicans
just to come
over I basically been taking Scott's
Turf Builder for my
balls yeah it's a real jungle down there
Jose does good work
though he makes my little bonsy tree
look like a giant
sequoia thank you let me tell you
something here
let me tell you I'm going to surprise
everybody right now cuz you're like oh
[ __ ] Tony's going to go ballistic but
you know what you know what I liked
about that you bombed eloquently he was
beautiful and with no tricks no shaky
mic no and I'll be honest no selling you
didn't try to trick us you tried your
material that you thought would work you
delivered it like it worked and then you
kept going you did the next thing Ian
Edwards I agree with you and he's not
from New York
well I don't know I think there's a
chance you visited there recently am I
correct no sir oh okay perfect thank
God uh how long you been doing standup
uh this is probably my uh like 10th mic
oh adorable you're doing just fine eight
years six years you did better than
those guys [ __ ] those guys okay so how
old are you I am 26 what do you do for a
living I'm a mechanical designer what is
that mean exactly um I make desks for
schools and everything like that lab
equipment too okay very cool uh what do
you do for fun um you a motorcycle no
okay I go uh I go fishing and uh stuff
like that yeah fishing what else stuff
like that um I used I used to sell guns
actually okay yep illegally legally and
legally okay
there you go you ever steal a bicycle
from a
[ __ ] no I can't say as they call it a
tricycle that doesn't make any sense um
all right now I'm bombing it's
contagious up here it's gone Airborne
it's guys don't worry it's the
pollen um all right so Matty G most
interesting thing about you you have any
special skills or talents um probably
that I did sell guns during Co that was
kind of
crazy um people would come in with like
their uh face mask still on and I would
sell them a
gun is that the end of the story yeah
that's pretty much it yeah they'd come
in theyd Say Hey I want that gun I'm be
like yes sir right away should have open
with that thanks yeah what is happening
right now it's okay we're going to get
there matd G you've seen the show before
what's something interesting in this
interview portion that you think you
might want to bring up at this part
makes you different than everybody else
kov is actually really really good to me
yeah tell me more yeah so uh like I said
I sold guns so I would be the first one
to like see all the ammo and for some
reason everybody would want ammo during
Co I don't know they wanted to shoot Co
I guess I don't know and um I would take
it and I would like buy it at a discount
where was this at what city is this
Austin Texas
okay Co also lined up with the uh BLM
mov didn't it uh yeah it did yeah so
everybody's going crazy you think it was
Co do you think it had anything to do
with the fact that there were riots in
the streets in the many major
cities you you're blaming it on on a no
I didn't want to I didn't want to say
it Ian you're getting defensive like I'm
a New York comedian I am
defensive but but I live in California
right so the first day of covid I was in
Burbank and everybody
was he's so stupid he thinks you guys
will recognize the tonight's show theme
because it's filmed in Burbank you
literally just cut off Ian for that and
and
reference everybody was buying guns
everybody it was I didn't even know they
had gun shops in Burbank yeah until that
they have that one across from like the
Costco or something it's a big one but
there's like more than you like I'm just
drive down the street and I see lying
there lying there I don't know what
people thought was going to happen
during Co but when he says he works in a
gun shop and he sold a lot of guns like
I get it mhm what's the most suspicious
gun you've ever sold did you ever sell
one to a guy named Jerry
Carlin no but I did have this uh one
situation where this uh two this couple
came in white dude from like East Texas
and he was like looking at the gun and
then all of a sudden when it came time
to do the paperwork for the gun he was
like nah he's gonna get it he's gonna
buy it and it was just like this black
dude soan Edward [ __ ] did you say it
like that we're checking we're going to
go to our senior African-American
correspondent Ian Edwards here for
another moment yeah now it's his theme
song it's no longer the tonight's show
theme hit that Ian Edwards theme for us
red band let us hey it's time for our
black correspondent hey hey man do me a
favor and say black dude
again black
dude got to goed he said it pretty he he
did say it pretty like like you ever
stole somebody a gun and they later on
saw him on the
news Yes actually yeah really yeah I
knew [ __ ] great question Ian Edwards
from half court I love it yeah there he
is that's why he is our senior
African-American ch respondent live on
this scene now tell us about this white
guy you saw on the
news he was one
oh and did he perform earlier tonight
and have on
[Laughter]
[Applause]
glasses he killed
himself holy oh hey Oopsy Daisy
okay thanks for coming holy [ __ ] oh my
God what the [ __ ] all right Maddie
here's a little jokebook good stuff
buddy get out of here go sell guns go
sell gun oh the show's going too long
we're in overtime right now but I
realized we didn't have a female standup
comedian tonight so in order to make up
for that I pulled out of the bucket
until I got a lady you guys ready for
your final bucket pull of the night 60
seconds uninterrupted for Kelly Quinn
everybody Kelly Quinn
[Music]
[Applause]
my husband always gives me grief for
saving all my fast food napkins in his
car I tend to Value worthless
things like our
children he also isn't real fond of the
fact that I like True Crime
podcast he says he's worried for my
soul and he should be worried because
statistically I am the most likely to
murder
him he's a history buff and he's fine
with War I guess domestic homicide
is just not in a big enough
volume but it does answer for me the
question of nurture or
nature he is
German we are almost empty nesters so
I thought we should travel more he said
yes we should take the path of Lewis and
Clark from Pittsburgh to the oran Coast
it's 4,900 miles will go through 60
native territories it'll be
badass I thought it would be nice to go
to
Dallas there you go Kelly Quinn I saved
you from the bear there I knew you were
about to get to it great stuff Kelly
thanks adorable how long you been doing
standup uh it'll be two years in August
two years in August
congratulations this is one of your high
school friends right Elaine I think we
go to the same stylist SL
gynecologist she's doing better on you
well no you look good you look good no
you're adorable uh very very interesting
Kelly so you started two years ago what
made you start you seem like the kind of
person that would uh uh that would write
blogs about how you hate standup comedy
and about how it's ruining society and
here you are out here doing it calling
your children worthless with a big smile
having fun thriving I love to see it
normally you're asking for the manager
and here you are out here people are
there's a Ruckus In The Crowd people are
breaking glasses over their heads
they're so excited for you it's it's
Kelly not
Karen oh did I call you Karen you said
I'd asked for a manager you do look like
a Karen though yeah absolutely no doubt
about it have you ever asked for the
manager uh I have but to give
compliments waa look at that okay wow
she's like
wow yeah Bizarro Karen that's not
true what's the nicest thing you sent to
said to a waiter at a restaurant um nice
ass oh okay whoa wow amazing what race
was that
person I don't know oh she doesn't see
color everybody and for that we're going
to check in with our senior
African-American correspondent Ian
Edwards here we go
hey she doesn't see color Ian to be
honest I checked out when she said my
husband no but pretty good [ __ ] like two
years you know this been some dudes up
here who have claimed that allegedly
they've been doing comedy for seven and
eight years and that they're from
[ __ ] New York
yeah so you've done considerably better
than them where do you live Kelly wiaw
Falls Texas whichs o a big pop from the
crowd where is that it's like 5 hours
some which way I don't know North is
it's like almost to Oklahoma okay yeah
that would be North yep they've got a
Dairy Queen there right several several
Dairy Queens yeah are you a fan of Dairy
Queen I am I like Brahms better though
okay yeah that's another ice cream place
yeah Brahms is uh it's a yeah it's good
ke I love your smile your jokes were
tight you're SM you're effervescent
you're affable you look like me after a
red band titty [ __ ] you really uh that
is
true oh no sound effect you got
shy there you go a chainsaw is what he
came up with on that one everybody a
chainsaw okay so Kelly uh did you you
used to have a job you have a job I have
a job I'm not that old what do you do I
am a classic rock
DJ are you serious wow on like an FM
radio station yes real terrestrial radio
wow do you have a special DJ name Kelly
Quinn Kelly Quinn in the afternoons
mornings um 9 to2 so midday mid so a lot
you're playing a lot of Bare Naked
Ladies and
sugaray no no it's I rock it's not [ __ ]
radio okay right godamn
right
wow it's amazing and you love classic
rock I do can you give us a little
example of you tossing to a song can you
or like what you do in between songs can
we just hear your true radio voice let's
all close our eyes the stylings of Kelly
Quinn here we go uh 1047 the bear Kelly
Quinn that was Pink Floyd we're going to
head into something sweet and sexy like
a little Metallica One on 1047 the bear
oo
wow I love it I love it and now we're
going to do something special we're
going to have a lot of people might not
know this cuz I I didn't tell you guys
but Elaine also is an afternoon DJ uh
the afternoon drive with Elane 955 Kos
and here is an example of Elaine
DJing it's 6:23 p.m. right now we're
playing the phas at pays John Mayor we
got free John Mayer tickets to see him
at the plaum tonight call the phas at
pay
102.5 be careful outside it's getting
dicey if you're going to try stay up
comedy put on a mask cuz there's Pauling
outside you don't want to [ __ ] up your
one chance on kill Tony call in right
now 42115 get two free John man oh we're
going to take that call right now hello
yeah hi it's me red man I'm looking for
a
[Applause]
[Music]
titty those those knees are their knees
are blown
out she's going to need to she's going
to need to hit up Dr Phil take care of
those knees after
that oh my goodness that was good though
that was
good Kelly you seem like such a sweet
real lady how your kids are almost out
of the house yes how much longer you got
uh graduations May 25th for my youngest
okay are you still with your husband
would you have a piece of tape around
your finger what is that uh it's a
register receipt from The Burger Joint
cuz I walked out without my wedding ring
who hit you
you walked out of the burger joint
without your wedding ring I walked out
of my house without my wedding ring and
so I did what I did I'm a woman I
improvised so just to let Hans Kim know
you're off limits you wrapped a receipt
Around Your Finger that is adorable uh
Andrew Ginsburg is the only other
comedian that keeps all of his receipts
on him uh that we've had up tonight
incredible stuff one last question
before I let you go what is something
that would surprise us about you or
shock us about you you're you're you
just seem sweet and real do you have any
guilty pleasures or something like that
is there something naughty that Kelly
Quinn does every once in a while perhaps
it could be in the bedroom or somewhere
you go or something you do I'm a big fan
of rock concerts and crowd surfing and
you crowd surf I I did until I broke my
neck a year ago there you go I had a
feeling that was coming uh you have real
broken neck energies Kelly how did you
how did you break your neck uh well I
was a college gymnast and I had a real
bad fall onto my head and apparently
after like 25 years you can grow a bone
spur yeah into your spinal column and
then you can just wake up one morning
paralyzed there you go absolutely you
thought all the good Spurs were in San
Antonio turns out they're in Witchita
Falls Texas as
well uh anything else for Kelly
everybody are you free Thursday
absolutely I love to have you on the
secret show wow
Kelly getting a real comedy set 2 years
into her career she's going to have to
make the drive back from witp Falls and
I'll tell you what I'm going to give you
one of these big joke books cuz I know
you're actually going to use it there
she goes Kelly Quinn
[Music]
everybody look at them two best friends
look at the shoulders on a lane I mean
unbelievable what type of [ __ ]
offensive line woman are
you you are a [ __ ] thick piece of
beef you know that Elaine well I'm also
Casey Rocket's bodyguard oh wow look at
that okay a show like this there's only
one way to end it ladies and gentlemen
the Hall of Famer the record holder of
appearances All Time interviews sets new
minutes
this is him the Witchita Falls wibbly
wobbler the Memphis Strangler the
vanilla gorilla this is the Big Red
Machine William
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Montgomery first off Tony I'm very
excited to announce that punky Johnson
and I are officially dating and she's
actually pregnant um
April fools okay
ah anybody else jealous they didn't get
the invite to Puff Daddy's
parties everybody's all mad and I'm all
like oh yeah terrible maybe I should go
undercover to
investigate people are saying Cuba
Gooding Jr committed a crime but I'll
tell you what the real crime is he won
an
Oscar oh a black guy plays an athlete
how'd he get into car what a
stretch as a defense attorney I must
advise that admitting to shooting the
sheriff but then claiming you didn't
shoot the deputy is a bad legal
defense okay that's my time thank you
toor a brilliant brilliant joke there at
the
end shooting the sheriff but not the
deputy wow amazing William you did it
again another unbelievable set very very
fun how do you feel I feel pretty good
other than the fact that there is now a
dead squirrel up in our chimney and it
has been smelling like death for the
past 3 days now Tony and I actually had
an exterminator man come by today and he
starts telling me Oh I can't go up on
the roof if I go up on the roof this one
way I'm going to roll off and die if I
go off the other way I'm going to roll
off and die and I'm like dude you're not
just a friend I'm trying to [ __ ] pay
you money to get rid of this [ __ ]
thing why are you just giving me excuses
you dumb piece of [ __ ] this is why
you're [ __ ] getting dead squirrels
out of people's [ __ ] chimneys cuz
you're a dumbass you [ __ ] he's
giv me all these excuses Tony and I just
want to smell gone but it's going to be
Wednesday so I have to live with it for
another couple days so that's what
happens when you exterminator last name
is Ginsburg yeah actually I'm allergic
to squirrels I can't get up there I'm
allergic to rooftops as well I do not
perform well under these conditions God
Tony I had to stop myself I was [ __ ]
holding the microphone like this dumb
New York pieces of
[ __ ] holy
[Applause]
[Music]
[ __ ] William William they they're not
from New
York well that's they they perform in
New York that's the defining
characteristic I mean don't try to I get
it you're from [ __ ] New York but you
have to admit those people were [ __ ]
terrible and I have a dead squirrel I'm
like yeah thanks dumbass holy [ __ ]
whoa the squirrel in your chimney is
probably covered with ash and soot to
talk about this more we're going to go
with our senior African-American
[Music]
correspondent what do you think about
the squirrel in blackace in the chimney
right
now and that's the only reason why he's
trying to get rid of it
know I mean he is racist as [ __ ] though
Ian I mean it's a real racist [ __ ]
how am I
racist no the squirrel's racist how is
the squirrel how's a dead squirrel
racist he's been saying the n-word a
bunch and I'm like dude I can't [ __ ]
I can't do this [ __ ] he's trying to get
me to say the n-word Ian but I haven't
been saying
it I haven't been
saying listen even even when you say
just the nword I hear the e
r well that was a long time
ago now I'm
kidding it is amazing Elaine what do you
think William you're very likable uh you
don't look like you've bathed in a while
but that's okay what does your shirt say
it says storage Etc it's the people uh
Christina Gonzalez it's the place where
I was working right before the pandemic
and I still hope Christina Gonzalez is
dead and hell she was was that your boss
yeah she was the stupid [ __ ] Latina
woman which said the details don't
matter on that but she was a stupid fat
[ __ ] and I would catch her stupid
[ __ ] ass this is when I was drinking
and doing blow all the time so I'd show
up [ __ ] hung over as [ __ ] and she
would be sleeping in the breakroom and
I'd take pictures of the security camera
and she would get mad and there was one
time I and I did have a good George
Floyd joke during the pandemic and I'm
good friends with the two black guys who
I'm I'm working with and she has bad
intention telling them that I was some
racist person it was [ __ ] it was
she's a dumbass what was a George Floyd
joke yeah what was the George Floyd joke
Floy I heard George Floyd's last wishes
were to make change for a
20 oh
boy and with that we check in with our
senior African-American correspondent
Ian Edwards what do we think about the
joke just just based on that I feel like
he murdered that black squirrel
yeah true there were uh there were red
uh red hairs around the corpse um
William you did it again we [ __ ] love
you doesn't get much better than that
right elen what do you think you're
unbelievable you've got uh you've got
you just it's you can't you can smell
the mental illness on you but uh but
you're dressed like all the people in
high school that I really uh that I
admired you know you you you're dressed
uh
do you do you address yourself well I
just I can't stop looking at your
[ __ ] nasty [ __ ] neck you old [ __ ]
it looks just like the [ __ ] squirrel
that's dead in my chimney [ __ ] [ __ ]
okay you know what I was waiting for
somebody to make fun of my neck and I
think I [ __ ] had it this neck looks
like all the [ __ ] [ __ ] that you
[ __ ] with your tiny inch
[Music]
dick and you know what oh was that funny
[ __ ] God in you're stupid God let me
see them titties [ __ ] I can't believe
you like let your girl walk out like
that dumb ass that is my daughter's
friend you stop
that William I guess I'm I'm getting
angry because well I get angry when I
get turned on red band music uh-oh here
you
go thank you for being a
friend traveling down and around and
back I guess what I'm trying to say
William I I've never seen a ginger I
like I've traveled the
world I've seen
everything and
tonight has been the greatest night of
my life come
here we've seen good jokes and bad jokes
and Jews and
blacks and fact I almost had a heart
attack
tonight but that's what you
get when you sign up for kill Tony you
try your best you hold it on your side
is love and if you strike out go back
home and call me for a
[Applause]
K5 you call me for a
titty call me for a
titty everybody call me for a
titty call me for a titty just the black
guys call me for che the Asian
[Music]
women that all
[Music]
William for a TI there you go
powerful
powerful wow ladies and gentlemen
Skylight frame game
[Music]
time if they're still sponsors we'd like
to thank
them how about one more time for the
great William
Montgomery I don't think there's a
comedian in the world that could
possibly do better than that wait I
wrote a couple jokes down keep the music
on oh wait a
second wait a second ladies and gent
Tomy a titty that's it that's it that's
it that's it just keep keep the music
going keep the music going for Lane
everybody so I met Tony I met Tony a
couple weeks ago and he said you come by
the mother ship and try and this is a
real hon this is my favorite show in the
entire world so thank you so much for
letting me be a part of the mothership I
wrote a couple jokes uh real quick uh
Hans doesn't believe in God but he
believes in Godzilla
uh [ __ ] uh uh [ __ ] if C if Cam
Patterson's here who's punching women in
the streets of New York um [ __ ] I don't
know uh Casey rocket looks like the
first person to OD on cookies
um [ __ ] Hans cam if you look like an
Asian Disney character named GOI
um uh what else uh okay Cam likes rock
Casey smokes
rocks uh Casey you look like the dollar
store version of Kyle ritten house um
[ __ ] uh uh comedy hasn't come easy to
Hans it takes a lot of Drive which is
hard when you're Asian um oh boy and
then I just got some uh some some pickup
lines from redband that he texted me
late in the middle of the night um are
you Hurricane Katrina cuz you're blowing
me away with your hot tits can I come on
your back
um uh what else what else can looks like
his first special was released on a ring
doorbell camera
um call me for a
[Applause]
t Ian Edwards follow him on Instagram
Ian Edwards
comic follow Adam Ray comedy on YouTube
right now his the new crowd workor
special is out the drawing from Ryan J E
belt is
unbelievable Adam Ray com on YouTube
Addie and Edwards comic on
Instagram how about one more time for
the best damn man in the land Carlos SAR
valo Fernando Castillo Michael Gonzalez
the great Nick Lewis on the base John de
on the keys and Matt muing on guitar the
drawing from Ryan J belts incredible
ryanj belt.com let's see what local
artist Chris Rogers Drew up over there
whoa William and cam or Casey rocket
William and
Casey uh you got to love it another very
fun episode Red Band check out that
secret show every Thursday at the Sunset
Strip atx.com ninjab buses.com thank you
uh there are transport this weekend in
Dallas and Houston very fun stuff thank
you to everybody including the audience
God bless you guys good night
[Music]
everyone The Forum Madison Square Garden
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
want
a
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
the Sunset Strip comedy club in Austin
Texas is now open check out Red Band
Secret show every Thursday go to
sunsetstrip atx.com for tickets
[Music]
a
[Music]