[Music]
[Music]
I
some one more time we
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
hey this is red B coming to you live
from the comedy Mothership here in
Austin Texas for a brand new episode of
kill Tony give it up for Tony
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
hit you got
who's who's ready for the best [ __ ]
night of their lives
[Applause]
huh
yeah than some noise for riing
everybody you did it you're here the
number one live podcast in the world
brought to you by cook Unity DraftKings
and game time how about a hand for the
best St band in the land huh the great
Carlos Sosa Raul Vallejo and Fernando
Castillo on the
horns not to be confused with Michael
Gonzalez on the
drum the mortician Matt muing on the
electric
guitar the great John de on the
keys and joining us on the base tonight
Make some noise for Nick Lewis
everybody deep Madness went to a
different venue tonight he uh didn't
have anybody to help him we're going to
have a lot of fun here tonight before we
get started here's a little bit more
from The Amazing sponsors that made it
all possible
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
this Sunset Strip comedy club in Austin
Texas is now open check out red band's
Secret show every Thursday go to
sunsetstrip atx.com for
[Music]
tickets you guys ready to start
tonight's
show ladies and gentlemen one of the
funniest guests in the history of the
show his brand new special is out now
rose gold on YouTube one of the funniest
people we've ever had on we're going to
have so much [ __ ] fun tonight Make
some noise for the Great and Powerful
Daniel Van Kirk ladies and gentlemen
here we
go Daniel Van
Kirk one of the rising stars of the
world works with the scar Brothers
Scoville you got it he's back the ghost
of Brody yes Daniel welcome back
positive energy
yes arms crossed kicked
out welcome back Daniel we're we're
going to have a lot of fun tonight
you've been on this show before pre
pandemic way back in the day yes back in
the day and we're going to have a lot of
fun tonight uh we've had a lot of these
threepers panels and a lot of chaos
lately I like it we're getting back to
our Basics tonight who knows there is
one empty seat something crazy Could
Happen possibly but something crazy is
going to happen anyway because we're
here at Kil Tony Daniel you may remember
over 200 used to be 100 last time you
did it but now over 200 human beings
sign up for the opportunity the chance
to get on the show if I we still get to
stab
him uh yeah [ __ ] yeah dude yes uh if I
pull their name out they get 60 seconds
uninterrupted you know their time is up
and you hear the sound of a kitten that
means they have to wrap it up then or
else they bring out the angry but all
they would be and that cuts them off and
then I interview them we find out more
about them Al together about more about
their lives what they could possibly
talk about where their lives are at
where their lives are going all of a
sudden they go from being a comedian to
a guest on a podcast that fast right in
front of our very eyes I'm preing a name
out of this bucket they will get
wrangled from across the street at a bar
po choices here on Sixth Street and um
that's the name of the bar it's also the
name of the PE the thing that people
that go to that bar do
uh and while that person's getting
wrangled I'm going to bring up one of
our esteemed regulars one of the
funniest Young Bucks in all of Comedy a
polarizing figure ladies and gentlemen
very very fun he's in a tight space for
what he is uh used to tonight ladies and
gentlemen Make some noise for one of the
top young rising stars in all of
stand-up comedy this is kill Tony's very
own casy rocket
[Applause]
[Music]
all right cool H yeah sorry if I seem a
little off tonight I'm starving only
thing I've had to eat today is a poached
egg and three of those little plastic
babies they put at the center of Marty
gr cakes so I'm a lot easier going down
they are coming out right fellas you
know what I mean been pissing babies
It's just tough around the holidays I uh
yeah speaking it's funny you bring that
up I
uh I've been it's been a stressful night
I'm exhausted I stayed up all night
watching maner reruns on Spike TV again
so remember that show can boobs eat fet
Alfredo tragic crowd surf watch out it's
just tough it's tough to think about God
politics are so hard this time of year
around Christmas I
uh am I the only guy who sees one of
these Trump hats and you start thinking
all right I kissed my best friend Barry
Carter when I was 6 years old while I
was playing truth or dare and it left me
really sexually confused into my early
20s even though I knew I wasn't
attracted to men you know what I mean
this border situation it's crazy it's
just all right I'm Casey rocket thank
you Casey rocket you're a wild wild
boy he's done it again three plastic
babies in his belly right now so
cool I don't know if this has ever been
said before but I've never seen Carrot
Top without the
props well don't don't we got news for
you he always got a little something up
his sleeve or in his pocket what do we
what do we got tonight Casey anything
pissed sh dick come on now get
real you're like a fire hose they let go
of that is a great description of casy
Rocket I've also wondered what happened
to all the background actors from Friday
Night Lights now I know this is one of
the Young Bucks here he is you did great
oh thank you oh yeah yeah good laughs
yeah that was good big fun Monday night
a maners reference I haven't heard the
word maners in probably what a decade
and a half or so yeah it struck me right
before I came up maner what a funny show
yeah it was all can boobs eat eat blank
it's like can boobs float in Iraq and
you're like why I what why Iraq yeah but
I would stay I would watch the
commercials to find out yeah I was
always curious uh what's some of the
stuff that you watched when you were how
old are you Casey I can never tell you
have the wisdom of a 300-year-old
samurai uh Legend but oh sorry I'm
getting a phone call can I take it yeah
take
it law offices of tarlo and tarlo
uh-huh
okay okay
yeah oh yeah cool well she deserves it
man Caitlyn Clark just got picked with
the number one pick in the WNBA draft
wow I know wow pretty cool love that
that's awesome hell yeah she earned it
she did she did earn it yeah had a great
season how long you been with tarler and
tarler oh tarler Law Officers of tarlo
and t i Moonlight is a receptionist in
tarlo and
tarlo I should have told you guys this
yeah I was supposed to I supposed to be
working tonight and I said I think you
still are I kind of am in some ways huh
someone called the law offices of tarler
and tarler and they just to tell them
the whoever the receptionist may be that
Caitlyn Clark got picked number one in
the WNBA draft yeah I mean it's pretty
big news
so that's kind of exciting yeah we don't
get a lot of calls like
that what are a lot of what what are
hello oh oh Daniel vankin
Associates some [ __ ] got pick second
dude oh [ __ ] the draft seems to be
moving along yeah they didn't say who
they just said somebody got picked
second that's all I know a lot of people
while they're here you know their phones
are locked up it's a tight run ship and
a lot of you might be wondering what's
happening with the WNBA draft and the
good news is we're here to update you
throughout the evening this is going to
be a continuous thing Redban has the
board up he actually has a lot of uh
women's faces circled uh I think he's
doing a Fantasy Draft of some kind yes a
leopard has something to do with this
Believe It or Not of all things Casey
what else is going on in your wacky
world that's a big one it's tarlo were
bust for me so it's been it's been 50 60
hours a week and it's hard to keep up
with uh God life's been crazy around the
holidays so it's been cool to I I see it
I don't see it as work and I don't see
this as work like you said I mean this
is so cool have you met any of the tlers
I've never heard that last or tarlo
tarlo oh God forbid yeah it's Arlo tarlo
and scarlo oh my God that is one of the
odds of that yeah oh yeah just one of
those freak accidents it could have
happened to anybody it was uh yeah it's
Carlo Carlo and starlo Garland and
they're two of the most prestigious
personal injury lawyers in Fort
Lauderdale so I got hooked up with them
a couple months back and it's a pro bono
right now so I'm doing it for free but I
think it'll end up paying off in
dividends Casey I'm going to I mean this
with sincerity you would would be the
greatest first date I've ever
had play your cards right I'm sweetie
yeah hey I'm dealing partner I'm dealing
where would you take them Daniel where
would you take Casey on a first date
obviously Cheesecake Factory oh yeah
100% I want to see this man eat brown
bread before I make any decisions about
life oh yeah for me yeah where would you
want to go on your on our first date
where would you want to go Oh that's
come we're just a couple confused former
six-year-olds where would you want to
go oh god um you can't say chil knry
Farms I guess oh you want to go knot
Berry dude yeah that'd be fun what is
this the final four episodes of The
Bachelor we're flying out to knots yeah
that would be cool yeah Dracula's
ciller no Dracula think I got scared
saying Dracula and then it it
transferred to the castle part too which
is dracul's Castle is uh one of
another one of the best law firms out
there uh Casey we absolutely love you
you did it again you got the show
started silly apprciate fun
likable beautiful beautiful boy Casey
rocket has a started and now we go to
the bucket a lot of you guys know how
this works could be a future Legend
could be an insane person that signed up
for this for no reason with no
preparation whatsoever Anything Can
Happen 60 Seconds uninterrupted from
Joseph kirim ladies and gentlemen Joseph
kirim here we
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
go what's up
everyone I'm uh half middle eastern half
white just thought I'd solve the mystery
for everyone I know it's a little bit
confusing when I walk here look a little
bit ambiguous I get Mexican Jew a lot
which I know in Texas is a scary
combination
I actually do uh stage magic so if you
guys want to see a trick no okay I'm
going to do it
anyways all
right
Jewish
Hispanic I mean on stage that tricks
whatever but at the
bank that trick it it works
like your loans been denied
approved uh my girl uh me been together
for a little bit uh my favorite thing
about her she does only
fans yeah it's uh it's cool cuz anyone
can subscribe to their profile and pay
them to do a custom video anyone can do
that and I don't have enough time to
finish this joke so I guess now you know
my girlfriend is only fans that's it go
ahead finish it
Joseph I was going to say so she came up
to me a couple weeks back she was like
this guy subscribed to my profile and he
he paid me to make a video where I suck
your dick and make you a
sandwich and he was really specific
about the
ingredients it's like that's wild but I
really want that roast beef sandwich on
rye that would
be all right thanks
everyone Joseph
kirimi okay hi Joseph how are you I'm
good this just in jqu Jenkins picked
third in the WNBA
just heads up before we get to our new
friend Joseph that's breaking news J
Jenkins I do believe one of John's
cousins uh pick third so we'll be
getting updates throughout the evening
here in the WNBA draft Joseph Kimi
welcome to the show how long have you
been doing stand-up comedy about three
years three years where at uh mostly
Tampa Tampa Florida that's where you
live uh that's where I used to live I
moved here recently okay how recent did
you move to Austin uh two weeks ago nice
how do you like it I like it yeah no
it's cool a lot of comics a lot of cool
people definitely it's all going on out
here how do you make a living uh I'm a
software engineer o all right bored well
right now I'm unemployed software
engineer all right I'm sure that'll work
out for you hope uh Daniel vankirk what
do you think about this young buck I I
thought you did good you sort of you
double tap the identity joke like you
kind of you get a laugh out of it and
then you go for the profile I'd probably
move that up in front just a little bit
like I would come up with this like I
know you guys are trying to figure out
who I am like if you look at me straight
on I'm this but you look at me like this
I'm this like boom like get to it right
away I agree and then also uh if you set
up another plant and you're only fans
like two things I love with my
girlfriend she makes great sandwiches
and not us only fans and then you go
later and you say what the person's
requested that's going to be the call
back hit for the audience as to what you
what the joke was CU otherwise you had
to like string B look at that Daniel Van
Kirk making Joseph kirimi 400% funnier
in 20 seconds absolutely only because
only CU I care only because I care I
appreciate it I don't know if you're
going to stab me or give me a loan so I
don't look at that lone
stab stab there's a loone you never know
loone stab what a great
steakhous you [ __ ] Jim you [ __ ]
beautiful Jim so Joseph what's the other
half Middle Eastern uh
Assyrian in front yeah oh my ayrian like
AUM yeah
just going to sneak it in I might use
that now I made we're just we're going
to write a whole different uh a whole
different set for you yeah like after
you do the profile joke you like [ __ ]
you all I'm John tuto's kid like do that
joke yeah I'm Andy Sandberg after an
airbag hits him in the face yeah see see
that big loud laugh I'm the guy that
taught Patrick S to move a penny go with
that
joke thank you good reference good
reference anybody go watch ghosts you
[ __ ] heathens
yeah yeah you're that guy I get John
tutoral a lot yeah for sure anyone with
a big nose I get that's basically yeah
Gonzo yeah I've got that yeah I love it
I love it so what do you do for fun
Joseph uh I like to well a lot of things
video games take ADHD medication play
video games that's always fun okay
you're talking about uh Aderall yeah
that one's good yeah yeah you stay awake
and you play video games good time yeah
how many how many mills you up to what
are you rocking right now dude if you're
less than 40 you're a
[ __ ] yeah
dude yeah I want you coasting all day
[ __ ] make me eggs at noon and
midnight dude not fun till your heart
starts palpating it's not fun till your
heart starts
palpating that's what I say about video
games ABS [ __ ] lutely um is the
girlfriend real yeah she's real and
she's really on only fans no it's like
half a truth I did use to uh kind of
date a girl who did only fans I didn't
subscribe to her page but I I did offer
to run
it yeah I thought it would be funny like
I'd be like oh there's comedic material
in here and that's the only joke I
really got out of it besides that it was
really sad it was pretty sad actually
that was like how you ran it or her
performance both just all the above I
guess yeah we we can help her too we're
going to give her some punch up and uh
make her only fans a lot better what did
she specialize in on the only fans this
girl that you used to put your little
Assyrian dipstick
into um I mean I don't know if she had
like a specific fetish just like get you
never asked her what she does on her
only fans well no I knew what she did I
I ran the page for a bit if I may you
are a horrible
manager you just took off her clothes
that was the FED I don't know get in
offes feet stuff I don't know o feet
stuff you don't know but like it it
wasn't like heavy foot stuff you know it
was light foot stuff whatever that is
talk
slower so she took her shoes off she had
little tiny feet no not not spe like not
that tiny just regular they weren't like
uh deformed tiny miniature feet no
that's they were pretty average feet I
don't know okay uh red band did you her
name on only fair that's not there you
go red manand all right uh Joseph you
are an interesting person you are half
Jewish is that correct or is that just a
joke about your nose yeah it's just
about my nose yeah I'm a Assyrian so
like we Christ came along and we said
we' rather do that than like we were
Jews before right yeah and then the
Christians like we're going to [ __ ]
kill you yeah they're like we can eat
pork and I'm like I guess my answers are
like cool let's do that
[ __ ] yeah are any of your parents uh
still strict about the religion and
everything no no not really I mean like
they go to church every once in a while
but like the holidays and [ __ ] so you do
stand up you work in software but you're
unemployed what about the wild side of
Joseph kirim me give me something crazy
that you do when you're not at or All
Out playing video games Jesus [ __ ]
Christ whoa whoa go ahead Wild Side of
Joseph Wild Side I don't know if I the
wildest thing you've ever done in your
entire [ __ ] life Joseph let me make
it easier for you um the wildest thing I
ever did in my life um could be anything
at all maybe uh maybe you went uh
snowboarding down a black diamond level
uh Hill or something like that like it
could be [ __ ] anything you're from
Tampa dude you definitely been shot at
yeah yeah yeah and I mean that's I don't
know if that's the wildest though being
shot well no one shot at me but you know
it's been you know the vicinity um
you've been brandished brandished we're
trying to help you here come up with you
have your entire life to reference the
wildest thing that I can think of right
now and I guess this is I don't know why
I'm saying this on that's the correct
answer whatever that is go right
ahead and here we go who's ready for the
answer of the question of two minutes
ago here he is live on a podcast with
the answer we've all been waiting for
the wildest reference of his life the
lights come down this is Joseph Kimi all
that all that buildup this is going to
be disappointing [ __ ] oh wow here still
setting it up ladies and gentlemen
having no idea how an interview works
here we are loading it up Final Answer
Joseph Kim's wildest moment of his
entire life uh I had a Molly fuel
forsome in Las Vegas with two Latina
women okay there you go that's not
disappointing at all you're right how
would anyone get comedy out of that
right for foresome with three Latino
women two and a white girl yeah two and
a white yeah all right I don't know why
I included their Latina I felt like that
was it added to it I we just got word
those two latino women and the white
were the last three picks in the WNBA
draft so you're doing something right
out there oh there goes one right now to
accept the uh the new there you go
welcome to the team that's the newest
WNBA player right
there there goes JRA Quai Jenkins to put
on a Jersey it's absolutely incredible
there are this is a star studded
audience ladies and gentlemen I've never
seen a WNBA player with a full goatee
but that was
incredible you never know what's going
to happen here so tell us about this for
some I mean you seem like you would be
overwhelmed with
one let's just jump right into it Vegas
is crazy yeah I don't know Molly's hell
of a drug I guess that makes you things
are normal what kind of feet these girls
got that's what yeah yeah um the Latin
women had like small six feet yeah it's
like size five women's so let's talk
about how you would get into something
like this was it planned no did you know
these women beforehand no how you take
us through the evening uh instead of
detective Van Kirk over here doing his
work for tarler and tarler Law
Associates just take us how does it give
me a second I can break
him um let this poor Jewish uh I mean
Latino man okay Barton think yeah uh I
guess the evening was we went to a EDM
concert you know like you do when you're
on Molly and uh then we ran
into the going oh [ __ ] that's for me
okay we ran welcome to show business
Joseph K oh [ __ ] I'm on stage what is
this you guys aren't going to like this
answer but I once did heroin and slept
with nine black men
I guess that's the wildest Good Luck
Good Luck talking about that okay Joseph
what happens here let's just take the
Molly out of the equation you're blaming
I can already tell you're blaming
everything on the Molly where did you
meet the girls what the [ __ ] happened
let's go uh so we just met him at well
we met one of the friends at the concert
and she wasn't a part of the forsome but
she introduced us to two other women and
then we said let's go to strip club and
we were there till like 6:00 a.m. uhoh
and were you doing drugs
uh a little bit yeah what were you on
there um just a little with a nose like
that I don't think you did a little of
anything no like that I think you did it
all so yeah like just nose things and
then
uh all right Joseph I'm going to let you
off easy good job buddy you did it you
are the first uh bucket pull tonight
there he goes Joseph Kimi brand new to
Austin Texas two weeks as a
Texan have fun Joseph there he
goes hey y'all this podcast is sponsored
by draftking Sportsbook look the
playoffs are heating up which is why now
is the perfect time to get on on all the
action with our partners at draftking
Sportsbook right now all new customers
who bet just $5 on anything we'll get
$150 in bonus bets instantly so what are
you waiting for download the DraftKings
app now and sign up using our promo code
kill Tony the crown is yours red ban
that's right Tony new customers can bet
just $5 on anything and receive $150 in
bonus bets instantly DraftKings has got
something for the returning customers as
well score a no sweat NBA bet M if
sports betting isn't yet available in
your state don't worry you can still
join in on all the fun with DraftKings
daily fantasy and have a shot to win
cash prices download the draftking
Sportsbook app now new customers use our
promo code kill Tony and bet just $5 on
any wager and get $150 in bonus bets
instantly that's promo code kill only at
draftking sports
book hello hello this podcast is
sponsored by game time you know we love
going to concerts and special events and
you know I went and saw Drake uh at the
arena here and of course the Great and
Powerful Roger Waters here in Austin
Texas game time makes getting tickets
for concerts and events faster and
easier even if you don't buy tickets
right away prices on the game time app
actually go down the closer it gets to
show start time with killer last minute
deals all in prices views from your seat
and their lowest price guarantee game
time takes the guests work out of buying
concert tickets all right man Tony I
love the game time app and it's
unbelievable special features last
minute tickle tickles yeah last minute
tickets Flash Deals Zone Deals they have
easy to find tickets to every event in
your area you can even get views from
all the seats in the it's amazing I love
the last minute tickles game time gives
you the lowest price guarantee or
they'll credit you 110% of the
difference not to mention your purchase
is covered with the most flexible
customer service policy and the
ticketing industry so take the guest
work out of buying concert tickets with
Game Time download the game time app
create an account use code kill Tony for
$20 off your first purchase terms apply
again create an account and use k i l l
t n y for an unbelievable deal that is
$20 off download game time today last
minute tickets lowest price guaranteed
another bucket pole ready to go here we
go Anything Can Happen 60 seconds
uninterrupted from Maddy G oh Make some
noise for Heidi everybody wow thank you
Heidi all right here's Maddie make some
for Matty G everyone here we
go what's up guys we got any immigrants
in
here I thought I smelled
you yeah I used to sell guns to get
through
college I didn't know that they were
buying guns to take to
college yeah when you're selling guns uh
you get really good at it and you can uh
tell what gun you're going to buy just
by what race you are 12 gauge
shotgun uh black people they like um
they don't like any specific gun they're
more about the accessories like they
always come up to the gun counter and be
like my man let me get that one right
there with the beam on
it and I always be like yeah sir right
away man I got you and then
um Asian people they didn't they wanted
one specific
gun the graa
19 thank you guys wow look at the slow
wave off after rugged
racism incredible Maddie G uh opening up
with an immigrants joke What ethnicity
are you I'm a uh American but a Mexican
yeah you're Mexican yeah don't you think
it's kind of weird a Mexican guy coming
out going he I thought I smelled you cuz
that's like your people the immigrants
are you yeah okay I could say that yeah
that's oh yeah I can say it
too look at that it's wild Daniel can
say too and he looks like [ __ ]
Hitler's rightand
man I look like you know where I was on
January
6th Cheesecake Factory the the speaker's
Podium make way make way that's that's
me a lot of time I barely recognize you
without your bullhorns on let him speak
let him
speak MADD you were just on the show
recently right yes sir I remember cuz I
found out that you sold guns during that
interview portion and uh so here we are
again here you are uh and you talked
about immigrants selling guns black
people and then Asian people yeah yeah
remind us how long have you been doing
stand-up comedy uh I've only been doing
it this like my 12th mic your 12th mic
so you've been doing it other places two
of those 12 spots are here yes sir right
okay why are you uh why is your work
ethic so terrible
what kind of Mexican are
you see he can say it yeah he can say it
I said it I'm going to be in big
trouble uh I'm trying to support my
family do you have a family by doing
mics cuz you are horrible supporting
your family not on content just on
getting
up how big of a family do you have uh
just
me there you go a lot to support there a
lot to support Maddie what did we find
out uh what did we not find out about
you after your last interview that you
think would be interesting you have had
what a few weeks to think about it yeah
okay um I uh sleep in a hammock right
now oh wow that's [ __ ] nuts yeah I
actually once accidentally did that
before I had a low budget and I bought a
hammock uh when I first moved to
California I was stoned out of my mind
and I'm like I have $1,000 to spend on a
bed we went to a [ __ ] like a uh was
that like a Costco there was a hammock
for like 80 bucks I'm like that'll
[ __ ] work I'm California living out
here I was on the floor that night yeah
it turns out you can only last about an
hour and a half Max in a [ __ ] hammock
before you have the back of a 100y old
man so how how many nights have you
slept in a hammock you creepazoid uh
probably like a year and a half a year
and a half in the hammock it's nice you
know I got the sleeping bag it's not as
cold T night anymore
so yeah you have a sleeping bag that you
get into inside of the hammock yeah wow
there is just layers of stupidity
happening here these are the people that
get a good night's sleep before selling
guns to whoever asks for one so if you
wake up in a hammock inside a sleeping
bag and realize there's a fire where you
live you're just letting it go right
it's it's going to get me eventually I
think yeah I mean no it's going to get
you right away you're not getting out
yeah you're stuck in a net yeah well can
I ask sorry if we cover this no go ahead
indoors though yeah okay great upstairs
yeah wait what upstairs yeah here no not
no what are you the most generally
speaking person in the
world well indoors upstairs it's an
upstairs hammock yeah upstairs not the
brag you think it is all right this is
going to be no I know I just want
clarity
upstairs P house wow okay so you're
upstairs yeah it's an above ground
hammock yeah I'm upstairs hammock is
mounted to the wall no I got a hamic
stand wow that's yeah that actually is a
pretty cool
brag again I've been there it's not uh I
was 18 years old I bought a [ __ ] H
with a hammock stand I thought I was a
genius and again it's unusable how much
pain are you in all the
time uh a lot yeah yeah this is this is
incredible to meet someone else that's
[ __ ] made this mistake but you just
stuck with it yeah so like I'm trying to
buy a house so I was like oh well first
comes the hammock then comes the full
grown house two level house you're
looking to buy perhaps three if I'm
lucky wow three stories why would you
start with a bed first though like like
oh cuz I didn't want to move it in and
then have to move it out right it's
really easy to like so you're going to
have house money but not mover's
money no I think you might be putting
the uh cart in front of the horse here
my friend you might want to get a good
night's sleep before making such big
decisions I've never needed movers like
I have a lot of cousins so they just
come over and then why is the mattress a
problem you know I never thought of that
actually brilliant brilliant brilliant
we got uh Daniel vankirk here fixing
people's sets and their lives one step
at a time let me ask you this uh Maddy G
you ever get a uh get a lady back to
that hammock you ever trap her trap her
in the
net now look if I get in
first you're going to have to come in
straddling you can't can't get on then
straddle before we go into my bedroom I
got to ask you you want to be on top or
bottom we got I've had a great time with
you tonight you say you and I go
upstairs you [ __ ] wild card you ever
do it you ever go [ __ ] slamic on the
hammock slingshot it beautiful you ever
take a Betty to the
nety yeah so you got to like like do it
like there's a special way you got to do
it let's do it froggy
[Music]
style show us the way show us how you
would [ __ ] Daniel Van Kirk on your
hammock okay there he
is there he is he's ready for you where
do you begin oh foot fetish foot fetish
look out well wait a second wait wait
wait wait wait hold on let's take this
one step at a time m g you're entering
the hammock from an impossible region no
no no no no you just you just tried to
[ __ ] video game us into believe you
can't do that what are you dude you
can't go through I got I'm all roped up
with the stand yeah your the stand is
there oh he's pointing to his brain
everybody look out shit's about to get
really interesting he's like wait till
you find out what Daddy's cooking you're
thinking about it wrong you think that
you're laying the like length of the
hammock you lay
sideways sex
swing so you're using like a big
oldfashioned sex swing yep well then get
over
[Music]
here are we allowed to have full release
on this show I don't know what happened
make them come Maddie make them
[Music]
come wait a second wait wait so is where
is the [ __ ] hammock during this oh
it's it's sideways it's like that yeah
you have him sideways on the Hammet yeah
he's pretending he's the weirdest guy at
the play
ground so it's like a sex swing almost
yeah sex swing it's like a sex swing so
you have to stand you can never be
laying down while having sex in your
hammock yeah that's the downside of it
yeah that's the downside hey you know
what though he got a sleeping bag he's
warmer that's all that that's true uh so
um have women spent the night on your
hammock no they usually leave like
pretty soon immediately like well no
doubt about it I got to go there's 0%
chance of staying the night on a [ __ ]
hammock it's kind of a good idea yeah no
[ __ ] if this guy's got a b a [ __ ]
hammock you think he's cleaned a
bathroom mirror in his
life that's such a good point is there a
lot of stuff on your bathroom counter um
I actually don't have a bathroom mirror
tell us more well we just renovated it
and so I was like ah I don't need a
mirror so I just use my phone to shave
and stuff like that [ __ ] incredible
so uh is there a shower yeah there's a
shower there's a sink yep there's a
toilet yes sir this is all on level two
yep level two unbelievable what a life
of luxury you're living mirrors are
expensive I that's why I'm getting the
house yeah yeah of course of course of
course I want the mirror you get a damn
old mirror what's the point of getting a
mirror for you got to move it what's the
point of getting a mirror for you got to
move that some [ __ ] you're going to be
running all around town the goddamn mirr
[ __ ] that
dude new place new miror
[ __ ] Maddie an incredible uh an
incredibly educational performance and
another very very interesting it's
always amazing to see how people are
living out here there he goes everybody
Maddie
G wait Maddie Maddie come back out here
you got a little jokebook last time
didn't you yeah give me that back you
don't get two of these [ __ ]
things you don't get two you don't get
two this [ __ ] will be using it
as a
[Music]
pillow God damn
it your next comedian uh this looks like
a brand new name Make some noise for
Isaac Kane Brown everybody Isaac Kane
Brown so uh I grew up with a little
brother with Asbergers I don't know if
anybody has a family member the
Asbergers here but growing up with a
little brother at the Asbergers is a lot
like owning a
pitbull like they're good with this
family but I got to explain a lot of
[ __ ] before you come over like don't
look them in the
eyes no sudden movements and if he makes
you uncomfortable at any point I'll
chain his ass up outside it's
fine really the only bad part is when I
take him on walks and he barks at black
people that's a hard one to
explain and you know I try to tell him
dude let bygones be
bygones but he still hates it when those
[ __ ] kiss in public you know what I'm
talking
about I've been trying this online
dating thing out so I've been working on
pickup lines and I've been telling women
I have a black dick
not because it's a full dick because
it's like three fifths of a dick you
know what I'm talking
about that's all I
got [ __ ] yeah Isaac Kane Brown welcome
to the show Isaac how are you I'm doing
good how about you I'm great thanks for
asking how long have you been doing
standup comedy Isaac uh barely two years
barely two years I love it do you also
not have a mirror
it is incredible you look like iron
deficiency John
Mayor it is amazing an incredible look
you look like an opposite version of the
show
Entourage like a guy that spends all his
time by himself maybe a second floor
hammock at
best uh so where do you live Isaac here
how long have you lived here year now
where did you move from Illinois and
what do you do for work nothing
how do you how do you survive I
technically I have a sugar mama really
how long have you been with her 3 months
now and what does she do uh I think
she's in like Tech or something I don't
know you never asked her the woman that
supports you and that you [ __ ] yeah you
never asked her what she does for work
well she's married oh this is all very
interesting this interview just took a
turn for the
good she's definitely married does she
have a family
no well no kids okay perfect and where
did you meet this young uh Young Buck o
bumble bumble and and and you went on a
date or did she did you go straight to
your
place how did it start oh I think
somebody hit pause
yeah it
just well she just she just invited me
over over to her place yeah where the
husband was at work he wasn't there well
where's the husband I don't know you
check behind the curtains I bet he was
watching I don't ask
[Music]
questions I don't ask questions were
there like pictures of her and him in
the place or anything like that oh yeah
it was pretty bad like the whole hallway
was lying with them with pictures of
them together their family all together
the wedding photos everything the
vacation to Jamaica yeah okay and she
took you straight to her bedroom yeah
where he sleeps at night yes and you
made love to her her yes and what is the
first thing that you did exactly when
you did that well like after I come or
before I come before you come as soon as
you walk into the bedroom what do you do
you take off your shoes or wear your
shoes off at the door cuz she's running
well first I looked at the pictures and
went that's weird and I was like that's
probably just like a fun collage or
something right and then I [ __ ] and I
came and I was like well this is
probably pretty bad and I shouldn't be
doing this and then she's like you want
some
money well I just she just kind of sends
the money Cas what's your rate what are
you getting great my rate great question
I appreciate that that was funny I'm
genuinely curious wait wait do you mean
like overall how much money I've gotten
or how much money I get each time each
time yeah I mean this you know what I
don't know we're not doing real world's
Road Rules challenge where we've added
up this isn't squid game where you got a
bank going I want to know what you're
getting like a week or a month two to
300 a week H just when I ask you should
ask Mark yeah
I do two to 300 bucks you're like hey
hook me up can I how does this God I'm
so confused also back to your stand up
really quick I I think it was racist but
it really confused me at the same time
so I don't know okay so well let's stick
away from the standup let's stick with
this uh I had to out cuz I didn't know
if I was dumb or not has she ever
offered to iron your t-shirts for you no
not at all no you don't say yeah we can
tell so uh oh go [ __ ] yourself dude
wait who are you talking to you you're
telling me to go [ __ ] myself cuz you
have a wrinkly shirt yeah wow Isaac
you're going to be a wild success in
this business with thick skin like yours
go [ __ ] your go [ __ ] yourself how dare
you say my ring clo shirt is wrinkled oh
dude you're killing it Isaac I love it
let's find out more about you before you
[ __ ] this up even more um you have any
special skills or talents or anything
like that you good at anything no not at
all no not at all no what do you do for
fun okay tell us how you're a piece of
[ __ ] well I'm [ __ ] married women
that's probably like other than that we
already know that about you anything
else uh unemployed veteran that's kind
of oh you're a veteran yeah okay what
branch were you in Marine Corps okay and
uh did you serve overseas I did okay
tell us about that anything interesting
happen over
there what do you mean interesting you
asking if I killed people or something
that would be
interesting W man can I go back to
interrogating sure yeah go right ahead
Daniel vankirk how long did you serve
four years okay where were you deployed
uh Iraq would be the most notable when
Tony asked you what you did over there
your first thought was killing people
was that mean this the same question
everybody asks every single time they
ask you that a lot yes a [ __ ] T do you
why do you think people ask you that I
don't know movies and [ __ ] movies and
[ __ ] you like movies no there's a lot of
anger you have a lot of anger I'm really
close I'm really close Okay do you think
you'll keep seeing this woman that gives
you $200 to $300
occasionally yeah for a little
bit do you like her
no I think what we all want to know
is you planning on killing
her head
[Applause]
[Music]
F nothing further
Sergeant case
dismissed I love it uh Isaac Kane Brown
congratulations and uh you got pulled
out of the bucket here's a little joke
book Isaac Kane brown ladies and
[Music]
gentlemen I saw the uh I saw the uh he
killed people yeah I saw it in his eyes
on the
wrinkled shirt line did you know I used
if anybody noticed you're a [ __ ]
piece of [ __ ] I know cie dokie hey hey
hey don't make fun of a man's uniform
okay all right ladies and gentlemen
we're going to get one of our esteemed
regulars up here one of the greatest to
ever do it on this show this is a brand
new minute from cam Patterson ladies and
gentlemen
[Applause]
shut up
[ __ ] been talking all night shut the
[ __ ] up [ __ ] no I'm playing I love you
white lady
oh I'm not I'm not having a good time
I'm pretty mad about life right now I've
been talking to this girl for a couple
months and she been pretty cool but a
couple days ago Drake follow her on
Instagram yeah you feel me [ __ ] and uh
I don't know what to do now dog cuzz
it's like I lost I've already lost the
game like [ __ ] that's Drake you feel me
like even if it do come down to and she
pick me over Drake that [ __ ] don't make
good
decisions my own mama would pick Drake
Over Me that's crazy this my homeboy
tried to tell me like you got understand
something bro like you getting better in
life you getting bigger more people know
who you is now it's kind of like Drake
is like The Avengers but you like the
Guardians of the Galaxy let me explain
something to y'all The Avengers have
like real superheroes on their team like
the Hulk like Thor like Spiderman them
real superheroes dog the Guardians of
the Galaxy has a
raccoon a [ __ ] tree and a regular guy
with gumption [ __ ] that's
crazy thank guys so
much
wow absolutely incredible did it again
cam
Patterson very funny very funny
uh unbelievable sleeps not on a hammock
no hell no has a mirror hell
yeah everything is lined up oh wait a
minute oh this just in Marquisha Davis
just went number 11 in the marqua Davis
congratulations I do believe she's in
the audience she's right over
there hey real [ __ ] that's a real name
[ __ ] she really just went number 11 dog
Marquisha I swear to God well Oh wait
we're getting worried Drake just
followed her on Instagram oh my goodness
she got drafted twice she got drafted
twice you know who's going to love this
set
Drake he watches every week you know who
we followed on Instagram kill Tony and
he messaged the account and all that he
said was Casey rocket equals and then he
did a goat Emoji come on H fun fact
Drake watches every week with his
Entourage
stop following my [ __ ] [ __ ] oh my
goodness
gracious just when you thought Drake
couldn't have beef with more young
talented black artist cam
Patterson leave my hoes
alone you would think he has enough but
he just can't get enough he's going for
your hose yeah why my H huh's going for
he's going for y
[ __ ] I that's a compliment huh that's
a compliment yes it is jice just text me
and said Drake's following her also uhoh
look at that ladies wow red band's
drunk breaking news red band's
trunk if Drake followed Janice this just
in Drake is drunk as
well I love it so cam what else is going
on in this beautiful world [ __ ] nothing
manine run around show trying to get
better you know I'm saying a't [ __ ]
Daniel vankirk is this your first time
seeing the Young Buck Sam Sam Sam Sam
cson everybody everybody loves Sam
cson uh yeah that was phenomenal yeah
the energy coming out I always I always
say to people you already passed this
but I people are starting out uh and you
do this super well uh play to the room
that you're in rather than the room the
show you thought you were going to have
and from the second you came out you
played to this room oh yeah and that
dictated uh the energy of your set and
where you want I mean you still hit all
your [ __ ] marks and I love these
white people man the my white people you
feel what I'm saying they are yeah yeah
there are what about the blond uh black
uh lesbian there in the middle of the
rim that my dog he a good [ __ ] he a
good dude you know what I'm saying all
right you a dude though right you a
[ __ ] that's a dude that's a dude why
why he why he look surprised well see me
[ __ ] we just got worded he got drafted
to the actual NBA draft okay I [ __ ] up
he is beautiful this dude has like some
Prince energy it really is it really is
did you sign up by any chance you have a
minute did you sign up for the show do
you have a minute prepared want to come
do
you we got it let him let him do a
minute should we bring him up here come
on now buddy get his ass up
here come on let's go let's oh you were
told not to by the by the look at this
come on get up here never meant to cause
you any
trouble never me to cause you any
pain oh let want to see you it's in that
purple rain oh Purple Rain Purple Rain
Come on
[Applause]
motherucker Purple Rain Purple
Rain all right all right all right all
right inform me that we might get
YouTube copyright stried because it
sounds like Purple Rain hello my friend
welcome to the show how about a hand for
this guy
Fearless what's your name I'm John most
my friends call me jonu John yes I like
your style what do you do what what what
club do you promote for
John can you tell us where the hot
[ __ ] will be tonight they're right
over there I love it I love it right
over there right I love it absolutely
two fives make a 10 we love it
definitely absolutely how many music
videos have you shot on an escalator how
[Laughter]
many God you're so intimidatingly
[ __ ] cool let's make this let's make
this more interesting I'm not American
so I don't do where are you from no
Trinidad and Tobago Trinidad and Tobago
that's come up two weeks in a row a red
and white flag am I correct yes sir
absolutely represent uh Trinidad and
Tobago little TNT TNT man Trin or as you
all like to call them island boys right
no not all of us like that at all thank
you thank you some of us meet humans in
this world and go can I hit delete on
this yes yes yes decent Humanity let me
ask you uh John what do you uh what
brought you to Austin
Texas you want the real answer or I want
both answers I want the real answer and
the answer you were going to all right
first of all first of all I didn't even
know Austin was a real
place well that's good 85% of the people
in the room have never heard of Trinidad
and Tobago so we are Even Stevens there
my friend yeah 95% of the room didn't
know black eyes could have blonde hair
so this is incredible what's happening
here we're all learning about each other
all at the same time the show is live
everything is improvised we had no idea
we were going to call you up tonight
that is the treat of being a blonde
black man in Austin Texas we're like
what's that get up
here what the [ __ ] come on buddy we want
to learn more about
you he just looks like his life is
filled of women saying you promise
you're going to
call mine is filled with women going I
guess I love your style I appreciate it
I appreciate it so uh how did I didn't
get an answer how did you yeah I move I
moved here for my ex okay okay no no
it's no ooh it's no ooh it's all good
everything is good like I love Austin
it's a beautiful city I broke up with
her I just want to make that clear yeah
we we know yeah saw I was the one that
broke up with her you saw one night of
pastel rompers and you were like done
bye
goodbye but you're still here in Austin
I'm still here in Austin and and and and
uh what have you been doing for fun tell
us about it for fun or for work either
one I'm just guessing you have more fun
than do
work just
guessing well ID like to say that my
motto is work hard play hard so I'd like
to say I work equally as hard as I play
what do you do for work I'm scared I'm
afraid to say cuz one guy said it
already and he got software yeah really
yeah you really do software no [ __ ]
way I'm so serious I never would have
guessed that by the I never would have
guessed that by the I never and here we
go Bring it on Bring it on let's go yeah
it's too late now I was going to say I
never would have guessed that by the
color of your
hair would have gotten a much bigger
laugh honestly to be with you to be real
with you I'd like to let you know that
the hair lady [ __ ] up like this is not
what I wanted you see they got like five
different colors going on theide of the
[ __ ] it's not what I asked for but hey I
Still Rock it cuz I am me absolutely
absolutely it's what's on the inside the
counts and the size of your massive
[ __ ] uh so you're working software are
you based out of Austin now yes I'm
based out of Austin now yes okay and
tell us tell us the truth how many have
uh how many uh beautiful white girls
have you corrupted since you've been
here today just
today my guess is two
today is it higher or lower than
two today yeah DraftKings uh DraftKings
has the over under at two white [ __ ]
it says that is the over under for white
[ __ ] for John which is definitely a
shortened version of a longer
name uh today Jonathan if you will
sure uh I guess if I'm being real
probably three today three today look at
that who would have taken the over come
on that is
[Music]
incredible red band's trying to shoe
horn the Harlem Globe Trotters theme
song into
this that's what we think you are we
think you're the globe Trotter of white
[ __ ] just the guy that makes it look
easy spins it around on your fingertip
like
that we got there you got there honestly
that's going to be that's going to be my
insta handle now I love that what would
repeat it again white [ __ ] Globe
Trotter white [ __ ] globe troter just
got word Drake just followed you on
[Applause]
Instagram so
good I'm just still picturing you and
your software engineer co-workers out to
lunch and how confusing that must be for
every Chipotle
employee these three dudes hanging out
with this [ __ ] Playgirl
model honestly dude you're so right like
honestly I mute myself at work you do I
mute myself at work how do you tone it
down well I go up to them I'm like hi
Jerry pleasure to meet
you and Cherry's like can I suck your
[ __ ]
[ __ ] this is Jerry this is Jerry how's
it going John how's it going I I have a
wife but I'll do things
John come here John let's hang more oh
[ __ ] punch lower and we're in business
John you want to come back to my second
floor
hammock I'd just like to say bro if
you're living in a hammock for over a
year and a half you need to do better
just
sing I have no idea what you just said
but it one of the best prayers I've ever
heard in my
life wow sorry I'm not I'm not familiar
with being on stage I don't even know
how to talking a bik dog doing great so
far best [ __ ] interview of the night
so it's incredible what we've had to do
uh uh putting a ribbon on this thing
though uh do you have any special
Maneuvers in the bedroom cuz I have a I
have a feeling that uh you can uh create
a lot of uh very slippery situations I
get the feeling that you've made gushers
out of
[ __ ] out of some real stiff software
broads
before F no comment no
comment no comment John that's not how
it works here you're right you're right
you're right you're right you're right
you're right you're right I don't want I
don't want you coming after me right now
you're right you're so right got him sge
give us one little trick that you like
to do in the bedroom is there a position
or something or an angle or a move that
you've that you've kind of uh all right
this going to sound a little weird no
it's great I doubt that that's always
anytime anybody says that that's when
we're about to get what I call the
[ __ ] here we go hon not honestly it's
not even the [ __ ] being real I just
appreciate the female body I really do
yes I really do the Cur the ensures all
that stuff is good so I you really want
me to go on
yes oh this is going to be so good it's
not even that good I've been doing this
show for 11 years I know when a [ __ ]
epic answer is about to happen he just
said are you sure you want me to do it
like yes I mean it really it really
isn't it really isn't anything crazy
it's just teach us the Trinidad and the
Tobago I just
so you got a beautiful voluptuous white
[ __ ] on your
bed you're appreci I mean like it's not
even anything crazy BR I mean I just
like to put you in a position multiple
positions probably lift you up put you
up against the wall oh
[Music]
yeah we might go to the kitchen might
what we might go to the kitchen oh my
God they're going to make you a sandwich
I might have her make me a sandwich it's
her not me rye bread Ry no I don't [ __ ]
with Ry bread no no pumper nickel I
don't [ __ ] with Ry
bread you know then we might drink a
little wine we we already [ __ ] at this
point might drink a little Michael's
excited he plays the drums really hard
when he gets excited over
there this is the weirdest D'Angelo song
I've ever heard seen this [ __ ] right now
like you got me me on like and then what
do you do then what I do I mean it's
different for each each person but I'm
just saying like in general like you
know all the things you just named I
would have come eight times
already by the time I'm in the kitchen
I'd be
dead you'd have to drag me to the
kitchen after that also I'd just like to
say if a kitchen sex you got to be tall
enough to like fit the countertop height
that is true no shies in the
kitchen no
shies um wow that is incredible what is
the longest you think you've ever red
band's showing me how long this
interview's going red band's afraid of
what the comments might say why would
they spend time with a random audience
member okay what's the longest you think
you've lasted with a woman your longest
session ever that horny [ __ ] wants to
know the longest you've ever lasted uh
or perhaps recharged and immediately
gone again okay good that's what I was
about to okay oh cuz you have that
specify that part you have that [ __ ]
Tesla battery
you're like ready to go immediately the
supercharger the long as have gone back
to back back to back for those of you 2
hours but but hold on hold on hold on
let's be real here no one's [ __ ] for
2 hours straight and like not coming
right like what I mean by this is like
you know there's for plate is's all the
[ __ ] you do sandwiches you know what I
mean sandwich in the kitchen exactly
exactly you know sometimes you might
take a little intermission whatever it
is you need but like you're still in the
watch House Hunters House Hunters
International yeah yeah yeah
specifically inter front Bargain Hunt I
get what's the fastest you think you've
ever recharged so that means come to
reinsertion what's your fastest turnover
rate there and we will be factchecking
this with your friends
yes that's cool that's cool probably
about honestly like 15 minutes okay
that's human that's human saying dog I'm
no one special okay I mean well you know
that we can't judge a book by its cover
you seem like the kind of guy that could
just absolutely go
non-stop um well congratulations on
being the most in interesting interview
of the night Trinidad and Tobago Zone
John ladies and gentlemen
John hell yeah man [ __ ] amazing all
right right now back to comedians
attempting to do a minute
uninterrupted oh how about another hand
for Heidi
everybody thank you very much
unbelievable John's about to [ __ ] the
[ __ ] out of
her hello hello this show is sponsored
by cook Unity guys I love Terry Black's
Barbecue here in Austin I've been
craving their brisket like crazy and I
was thinking how great would it be to
get that level of culinary satisfaction
from home if you've got culinary taste
you know how expensive exploring your
local food scene can get or how hard it
is to find the time and energy to try
somewhere new cook Unity is the first
chef to you service delivering locally
sourced meals from award-winning chefs
right to your door every week and it's
cheaper than any other delivery option
so go to cook unity.com Tony or enter
code Tony before checkout for 50% off
your first week or red band I had the
jumala pasta with the creamy creola
sauce creol sauce
there was shrimp chicken and sausage
mixed into it it was Heaven cook Unity
blows all the other meal delivery
services out of the water and it feels
so good to support local chefs and
suppliers there's no cooking required
for a chef quality dining experience
right at home unlike other meal services
cook Unity is a chef Collective bringing
exciting culinary Talent straight to
your
table cook Unity works with cook Unity
works with some of the best chefs in the
country to bring creative delicious
meals to you every week your food
arrives fresh never Frozen in packaging
that keeps meals fresh in the fridge for
up to 7even days there are hundreds of
dishes to choose from and the menu is
updated constantly with options for
seven different dietary preferences
vegan paleo pescatarian gluten-free and
more so experience chef quality meals
every week deliver to your door go to
cook unity.com Tony or enter code Tony
before check up for 50% off your first
week that's 50% off your first week by
using Code Tony or go to cook unity.com
Tony
all right Make some noise for your next
bucket pole Jacob cancer everybody here
we go here's Jacob
cancer I'm trying to get sober I
definitely have a drinking problem the
wakeup call was two weeks ago I got
blackout and I emailed a picture of my
[ __ ] of my second grade
teacher it was even weirder when he
replied wow it hasn't changed a
bit actually I just sent it on a burner
Facebook anonymous Facebook account and
he replied Jacob so yeah this [ __ ] is
one of a kind uh uh I've been arrested
three times for a possession of
marijuana uh which you cannot eat three
and a half grams of marijuana uh at
least in time it takes for a cop to get
to your window uh but uh when I got
pulled over of course I was coughing up
marijuana all over the inside of my
Prius and uh the cop looks down at me
and he goes are you aware it's 2:00 in
the afternoon and looked up at him I
said are you aware of the losses
inflicted upon the Russians in the
defense of Stalingrad so I went to jail
uh yeah uh luckily I'd never got to
cocaine I will say this I've tried
cocaine once on numerous
occasions very good Jacob
caner one of the strongest sets not from
a regular tonight very funny Jacob thank
you where you from Long View Texas this
your first time on the show second time
and both gone as well as this one yeah
the first time went really well wow good
stuff you got a big joke book last time
yes incredible well here you are again a
fantastic set you squeezed a lot of
material into that minute got a lot of
laughs uh remind us what do you do for
work what's going on uh I work at Whole
Foods that's right to what magga Asian
bit that's what I did last time Mega
Asians bed yeah I picked up a Asian in
my Uber uhuh she liked Trump a lot so I
made a joke about it right okay uh you
work in the dairy
section is that correct no I'm a
supervisor up front all right we're
gonna check in with the great Daniel
vankirk uh great set dude that was
awesome um I there's I feel like you can
get to that quicker but you're really
good at your turns like a like a stop
and then going into the joke but that's
okay cuz blank or like I don't I've
never met them before cuz I've blank so
that's that's good and I it's good
finding your style and like that um one
thing I will say how long you been doing
comedy uh six years six years okay it's
just do you no no no it wasn't bad I I
want to ask this to Tony because I feel
like you and rep band have probably seen
more people uh starting or in their
journey of Comedy than any other friends
of mine at all yeah um when you feel
like somebody's sort of doing a style of
a popular comedian and obviously there's
certain like ways of telling jokes and
everything how do you address that like
how do you broit or I mean we just say
it okay it just felt a little Nate
baretti to me just a little bit are you
a fan of Nate barazi have you ever have
you ever seen him do stand up that's I'm
saying I've seen him do stand up but no
I'm not a really I've never like got
into him he's never made me laugh like
that no disrespect to that dude no not
at all and your content is so wildly
different than his but I didn't know if
it was just sort of like a little bit
this happens a lot on the road if you
watch a lot of Comedy or if you you've
probably had it where you guys have
somebody open for you and for a certain
point you're like I love you but you're
starting to kind of do me on stage it
just happens I avoided watching pretty
much any specials for my first few years
just because the natural way of just
copying people so I just wanted to find
my voice on stage okay and then I've
only recently in like the past year
actually started watching standup all
the time awesome it happens it happens I
noticed the guy with the iron unironed
shirt uh the former soldier that almost
killed me um I could tell without a
doubt he's a huge Shane Gillis fan from
his hand movements did you notice that
the double-handed and he was doing this
a lot M yeah that is so true that's
that's what's happening no it's it's not
an autistic thing John good question
John asks one question every eight
episodes and uh that was it nope not
autistic um did you really try to eat
all the weed yes that was real actually
in that in that that particular time I
forgot to put my Prius in park and it
[ __ ] went into a ditch as I stepped
out of the car this is the [ __ ] I
literally I have that in my nightmares
that happens and like I can't find the
break pedal and the guy who arrested me
I went to high school with him so it was
even weirder okay see this is the [ __ ]
this is why you guys are [ __ ] Angels
my
man and he he apologized to me too later
after I [ __ ] interrupt me again I'm
joking I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking
I'm I'm not [ __ ] no
uh so this is the thing I do uh I I'm a
bit of a Storyteller I love telling a
good story but I also love finding
observational comedy and going in and
out of that you are doing sort of not so
much observational but not full stories
either it's sort of like there was this
and and and then this like I hope you
really sent your [ __ ] to your teacher
but uh but that right there is a moment
of like I got I got arrested for having
three and half grams of weed or whatever
it was and then you mine that [ __ ] now I
know you only had a minute here but like
mine that [ __ ] of like oh it's worse
than you guys think it was I couldn't
put my like go like go through all that
[ __ ] because then the audience gets to
go on that ride with you and as the the
[ __ ] thing feels like such a it's
very funny but it feels such a like
really like I laughed at it right cuz it
was a good joke but I didn't think it
really happened and then I don't believe
that you really got arrested for weed
either and the more you dig that out
you've got that everything you just said
three senten in a row you didn't even
have a joke it just fny so so true an
unbelievable note were you in the guy
close in high school not really no did
he bully you no did you bully him no did
you have any interactions that you
remember not really he was just like a
normal dude did he remember did he
remember you oh yeah he remembered me he
was trying to cuz the chick that sold me
the weed we went to high school with her
and she was he was trying to rat he was
trying to get me to like rat out he's
like you won't go to jail if you say who
it was and I was just like uh she has
blue hair and lives like down the road
which is not true no well she does have
blue hair I was really scared fck dark
dude wow I told you I can break these
[ __ ] incredible we got a rat
amongst
us see that's so then now look at that
that is a [ __ ] can Curb Your
Enthusiasm episode have you ever had the
officer who's trying to arrest you
connect you to another person you went
to high school with who happen to sell
you the drugs that you are currently
being arrested for that's insane yeah
right so let how [ __ ] up your life is
be funny it's true it's true Jacob uh
how's Whole Food's going good it's all
right I mean it's not the job I want to
have forever and I'm trying to get a job
with a better schedule so I can hit more
mics in Dallas but yeah what else is
going on what else do you do for fun
when you're not doing standup um I don't
know I like history I like to out um
what kind of workout do you do the sit
down
yeah you look buff y look at his chest
he is lowkey yolked yeah are you yeah
really you have a six how many you think
you should pull a bir Cher right now huh
no I'm not that yolked okay Daniel says
you're Yol The Crowd Goes Wild you don't
want to do it what do you benching what
what do you come on what do you got to
think about if you're going to lie what
you got to you probably like I don't
know like 220 yeah wow that but I mean I
don't know like I don't even have to
work out that much cuz I was in the
military so I'm just like already Fit
Don't wow our military has never been
weaker this is incredible bunch of
sickly people like I'm fighting for our
country this is unbelievable we do need
to start letting Trans in the
military this is absolutely inredible
hey anybody wants to defend our country
go [ __ ] do it that's my [ __ ] rule
I support you and I love you for your
service AB what branch Army Army
National Guard rank wow look at that
eight years rank right did you have a
rank when your next oh a rank I was a
Corporal he's a St he's a
stalker stock boy um okay so you're
working out you're going to mics you
like history where in Whole Foods do you
work I work up front as a supervisor so
up front you how many stories do you
have about people stealing from the hot
food section oh all the time yeah they
come in there looking like the boy in
the stri pajamas all like meager we have
to kick him out is [ __ ] up what kind
let's work on our references we don't
want to lose the
crowd what kind of pajamas strip pajamas
that is very remember the movie oh yeah
it's like hey I'm going to die in a
concentration camp that's who he that's
that's his first pull right the old
Striped Pajamas
what else how else would you describe
these people I also got I also got in
trouble uh at work because uh sometimes
whenever people do self checkout you
have to enter in the date whenever you
look at their ID and I used to just not
check IDs I was like you want JF uh 911
or JFK assassination so I got in trouble
yeah okay someone ratted you out for a
change yeah yeah some dumb [ __ ] in
uptown wow yeah look at that John's
[ __ ] her right now so revenge is
yours you you got a big jokebook last
time yes all right well there he goes
Jacob can't or anything what you don't
live in Austin do you no but I can come
down here uhoh love to have you on the
secret show
Thursday look at
that dreams are coming true live on kill
Tony Jacob caner c a n t r all right you
guys having fun out
there we have another bucket Pole
and they go by the name of Lee Hudson
everybody 60 seconds uninterrupted for
Lee
Hudson here's
[Applause]
Le I'm uh I'm an out of shaped man I
have a bad diet my diet's bad to the
point where if I decided to buy
vegetables on my debit card my bank
would flag it as suspicious
activity I'm a depressed man as well uh
it's weird when your friends know you
have depression cuz it really takes the
impact out the phrase I'd rather kill
myself
cuz my friends are like do you want to
come to the cinema and I'm like I'd
rather kill myself and they're like we
know but do you want to come to the
cinema I uh I watched my dad get married
last year for the fifth
time yeah it's a lot of
times that means I've had a lot of
stepmoms to the point where I'm actually
quite traumatized by that category of
porn
now I will still watch it though
but it's different for me I'm watching a
video of some guy pounding his stepmom
and I'm watching it going don't get too
attached wow what a performance Lee
Hudson absolutely
incredible welcome to the show Lee hey
man how are you I'm good how long you
been to standup uh just over seven years
now seven years am I crazy were you on
an episode in England 2019 in London
yeah wow I can't believe I remembered
that I can believe it you give a [ __ ]
and you like doing this it's incredible
2019 in London England at a big giant
soldout theater yeah Blu theater was
cool and you did great there yeah I
remember you very clearly and this is a
brand new minute very very fun stuff
happening uh how long are you in Texas
for I leave on Tuesday when did you get
here uh yesterday why such a quick quick
trip to the new comedy capital of the
world being as F the only am of time I
can get off work what do you do for work
I'm a data analyst a data analyst yeah
okay what kind of data are you analyzing
uh Finance interest rates and [ __ ] like
that wow you might be one of the
funniest data analysts I've ever heard
of this is absolutely incredible tell us
what else is going on over there in L in
London yeah yeah okay uh it's a pretty
cool scene at the moment yeah it's fun I
get up pretty much every night uhhuh um
yeah it's a fun time The Queen Is Dead
she is how did that make you feel
yeah party time how did that make you
feel when the queen died um I was yeah
pretty nonchalant about it I did a show
that night like half an hour after she
died after it got announced that she
died you
monster the host went up and he went
does anyone give a [ __ ] and one guy went
I do and he went nah you can go amazing
absolutely incredible right the queen
dies but The Show Must Go On
uh so Lee Hudson tell us more what else
have we missed about your life since the
last time we've seen you um last time we
spoke I was with someone for a very long
time and you guys made fun of me because
we weren't married uh that went to [ __ ]
that that's that's that's gone now yeah
did we you think we helped with that oh
no it was like another four years later
that ended so yeah okay yeah I drew it
out a while and that was your
stepmom uh so I'm done too Dad I'm done
[Music]
[Applause]
too so uh how long ago was the breakup
uh it was during the pandemic okay so
have you been dating since then yeah
yeah okay have you been with an American
woman uh no Canadian was the closest I
got Canadian was the closest have you
ever kissed an American woman no is
there a uh is there any chance you know
we have some of the best audience
members in the world is is there this is
a famous segment of the show where uh
it's called kiss me and sometimes we
have a female audience member come up
and kiss uh is there wow look at this
young lady right here she scares me oh
[ __ ] that's a real American come on up
here that is a real American right there
I hope she get to her stage she's like
or
do you're about to kiss an American girl
are you excited uh somewhat okay Lee
Hudson I never me to cause you ladies
and gentlemen I do believe this is about
to go down this is a real oh my goodness
wow okay now Tony I've never witnessed
this uh do we do we check that door for
consent do do we Backdraft this do we
negotiate what kind she consents Lee do
you consent yeah sure
enthusiastically can I do my
no no no you can't do your minute a no
thank you you know it was right it was
right of you to ask but we were thought
you were up here for oh my gosh wow look
at that wow this is a real [ __ ] oh my
God
okay wow look at that look at that from
Buckingham to
fuckingham this [ __ ] is going down
tonight oh my God you're going to love
being married to his
dad this is
incredible uh look at the look of
Happiness on Lee Hudson's face this is
one of the happiest South Park
characters I've ever seen in my life it
absolutely incredible right now in his
mind he's like keep calm and get hard
keep calm and get
hard absolutely is that a little
[ __ ] is that Winston Churchill cigar
in your pants are you just happy to
here wow this is a [ __ ] a whole new
Revolutionary War what's your name
sweetheart Crystal Crystal okay and you
prepared a minute you really want to do
it all right we haven't had a female
comedian up tonight so ladies and
gentlemen doing her
minute Make some noise for
Crystal Lee stay up here with your
future wife and one more time ladies and
gentlemen this is Crystal everybody
hi my name is Crystal and I identify as
skinny I guess you could say I'm trans
fat
I I think you can tell a lot about a
girl by the way she names her pet like
if her dog has a first middle and last
name she might be a little crazy but if
her dog's name is Chalupa Batman Muggles
cash Evans
Bal she might be psychotic
for the record I call him Muggles for
short not like I walk around calling him
chalupa B me a Muggles cash hav spoed
that would be
crazy I've pretty much given up on ever
getting married and having that rock on
my hand to show off to all my friends at
this point the closest I'm getting to a
rock is inside Camp Patterson
sweatpants I've actually never been with
a black man
before I've never been with a black man
before I know I look like I'm
lying I've been told I look like jelly
roll and Amy Schumer's love
[Applause]
[Music]
child I still know if that's a
compliment that's all there you go no
doubt about
it that's an incredible performance got
better as it went on started strong
strong incredible stuff Crystal yeah
wow
wow what's going on are you about to cry
I'm good oh my goodness you so happy
this is
amazing I knew this was going to happen
I didn't even shower today I was like
this is going to be the
one we can
tell it's all right it's a match made in
heaven it's a match made and EV Le's
British so he didn't brush his teeth
today this is absolutely incredible you
didn't shower today wow I brushed my
teeth that's very good very good I
showered my
teeth Crystal wow my goodness how long
have you been doing standup Crystal this
is my first time sh first
time look at amazing a stunning stunning
uh stage presence I love it your
fishnets caught a
whale this is absolutely amazing I've
never seen anybody I've never seen
anybody wear a skirt over their shirt
before it's amazing Crystal what's your
last name I know it's not Crystal Light
uh Tony I've heard of Crystal Light but
this is Crystal she already is going to
have to answer her mom when she goes and
how did you get up on on stage
no my mom's dead oh my
goodness hey trust me she might visit
you
tonight amazing this is amazing Crystal
your mom is dead where's Dad at tonight
oh I don't know you don't talk to your
dad either so how is it possible if you
don't talk to your dad and you look the
way you do why haven't you [ __ ] a
black guy yet you think he's not g you
think your dad's not gonna talk to you
twice oh that's a good
point come on John's
laughing
Tony my biological dad have actually had
a bet with my uncle that I'd be pregnant
by a black dude by the time I was 16 so
I was like no wow so like wow I don't
know who won that bet looks like
everybody loses that one cuz you're not
pregnant but you're could be all right
crystal has a great sense of I have a
secret move in the bedroom oh you do
have a secret move in the bedroom what
is it the a surprise I didn't
shower God damn it the the you [ __ ] me
while I plug your nose Crystal I
apologize in advance but is your secret
move
sandwiches no she makes the sandwiches
before they [ __ ] she's got the order of
events backwards here Crystal what is
your secret move in the bedroom can I
guess can I can I give a couple guesses
the bed breaker no close the officiary
position ooh closer I okay go ahead what
is the m it's a dolphin okay uh-oh it's
when a guy tries to stick it in my ass
and I go ah ah oh
wow
incredible
incredible I thought it was going to
have to do with what your [ __ ] smells
like he
really red
B red
B wow I have a second move no wow Jes no
what's the second move I roll a perfect
blunt and if you smoke a blunt while
you're in doggy style it's so perfect
and I have a shelf so you like put the
ashtray there oh my God and you just
pass it back and forth why you're
[ __ ] doggy style my god it works wow
so the person can smoke a blunt and put
the ashtray on your back and an ash on
your back and then they hand it to you
sometimes and you hit it while you're
getting wow I can't imagine what your
bedroom smells
like uh this is incredible is it
possible for me to get cancelled by
listening to someone else talk
not a special trying to get people over
the rose gold Daniel vankirk comedy on
YouTube make sure you watch it that's
very nice I've actually I've always
wanted to be roasted by you well uh it's
not the first time that I've uh roasted
a pig so um this is
incredible absolutely
amazing uh should I put an apple in your
mouth before I continue that's actually
my third
[Laughter]
move keep getting sucked into
this well you did it that would actually
be a here's a big joke book for Lee
here's a big joke book for
Crystal there she goes thank you so
much wow so much fun such a fun episode
so much momentum
and uh we're going to keep it going we
have one of our greatest golden ticket
winners ever here ready with a brand new
minute this guy is absolutely
unbelievable he's been on a [ __ ] real
streak
lately really really impressive stuff
and uh we're going to talk about it
after his set ladies and gentlemen this
is the return of one of the greatest
golden ticket winners in the history of
the show this is indeed Martin Phillips
everybody
[Music]
okay what's up how we doing
okay
situated I don't that
guy okay I got do jokes um I like
flowers but I would never want to be a
flower cuz then every time I ejaculate
it like with
sneeze that's a smart [ __ ]
joke this morning uh for breakfast I had
a soup or up people call it a bloody
mary you
know that had been alcoholic you know
say what would be good the soup uh Vodka
liquor I don't have a problem
and there's no other hard soups out
there you know never I never put jet in
my chicken noodle you
know but uh okay cool I get in
there
unbelievable the return of truly one of
the greatest golden ticket winners
marttin Phillips everyone Martin how you
doing okay [ __ ] yeah Daniel vankirk you
ever seen Martin before I have not just
[ __ ] straight clean jokes man great
that was
great I can't I can't I'm the guy that
can't take
it I knew they'd turn on
me Martin uh another unbelievable brand
new minute you know I'll tell you guys a
short story which is
on Thursday yeah Thursday Thursday night
I had my own show here at the mothership
and
usually my entire you know all the
regulars and you know my current friends
Tony and Friends shows they it's usually
everybody's here and William and Casey
and Cam and Ron White and all of these
people all of them were working that
night um and out on the road and this
and that and last minute with like 45
minutes to go I'm like Jesus Christ
who's working the door this that okay
well no Heath no cam no this no that no
David Jolly David's headlining on the
road [ __ ] everybody's out on the road
somehow on this magical night so I hit
up Martin Phillips and uh he's like I'm
down the street I'll be there and uh he
came on and of course I'm curious to see
how he's going to do doing 10 minutes on
his own I've only seen you on Kil Tony
and you [ __ ] killed so hard that the
entire was talking about it nice one of
the great managers here the lovely chica
I remember as I was coming down to go on
stage I go uh I go can we get a W9 from
Martin it was his first time performing
in this room and she goes got it right
here can't [ __ ] wait like the whole
building was uh was so excited to have
you join it was just the right place the
right time you were around you were able
to get here you made your set and you
[ __ ] decimated I mean he crushed this
room yeah it was
CRA I I almost didn't pick up your C was
like who's who's calling me from
Hollywood
right I do still have my old cell phone
number yeah yeah but I was at another
like mic but soon as like I was like
peace
out it was the first time that I called
you and uh a fun call and you answered
and it was [ __ ] incredible um amazing
stuff how' you feel after that it was
cool yeah his first doing the stage that
for the part and yeah it was what they
say is true all the shows are good
here they were yeah it was really fun
yeah it was magical it was [ __ ]
absolutely incredible
um you're killing it you're doing great
and uh you're also um you're going to be
in La correct yeah I'll be yeah for our
thing doing an arena Forum how does that
make you feel I have no idea I'll see
I'll see how how crazy it is when I get
there I have no expectation Ser yeah
just go with the flow and say I don't
eat
[ __ ] that's that's probably my main
focus
by way to get there but playing tickets
but getting to the actual Arena because
La
sucks can I make a suggestion just just
to see what happens
hitchhike just you know see who picks
you up man live a little Good Samaritan
out there man see you get a story out of
it get a story if I make it there
I yeah
but right so uh you have everything
going for you you're absolutely killing
every new minute is very very very
impressive I remember when I made you a
golden ticket winner back in DC five or
six years ago however long ago it was I
remember thinking godamn this guy's good
but I'm actually literally watching you
constantly get better you're one of the
few golden ticket winners that hits me
up very regularly to call in for your
spot a lot of the you know a little fun
fact behind the scenes of the show is
that anybody any golden ticket winner
can hit me up anytime take Heath's
writing process you know he's very new
very green even though he's a golden
ticket winner he's a different level you
know 21 years old looks like he's nine
and uh Enrique you know it takes him a
while to have a new minute that he's
excited about all these a lot almost all
the other golden ticket winners take a
while or Jared Nathan and Aaron B live
in Canada and can't come a lot but
Martin more than anybody uh tries to
come in and you do it with a beautiful
Grace for a guy that's shaky and wobbly
and bent out of shap
yeah looks like step
on speaking of other golden dick winners
I get I get uh recognized a lot uh but
this just happen a lot people recognize
me and then they go Aon right
and and we don't look alike and and most
importantly I can [ __ ] talk you
know I'm just
saying it's it's clear it's you like and
he has like a dog I don't dog my my
hands in my pocket I don't do that thing
damn this is handicap on handicap crime
happening right here these guys I
haven't seen a fight like this since a
parking spot was up for grabs I have no
beef with them but it's just the
listeners are the dumb
ones they can't tell you know if you get
a second black out
oh that's
true that is Absol everything you are
saying is absolutely correct for the
record the views expressed by all the
comics up here tonight are not exemplary
of Daniel van KT rose gold at Daniel van
CT comedy on YouTube leave kill Danny in
the comments when you go check it out
and you know I've mentioned this before
but a lot of people say oh you going
know kill Tony's at the show with all
the handicapp people and this and that
like it's like it it it really cracks me
up because again I don't if if we were
to make a compilation of all your
minutes I mean other than the regulars
there would be you Aaron bile Jared
Nathan which all of you a little [ __ ]
in your own ways like you know little
[ __ ] wobbly and [ __ ] but no one else
has done that good and and no one else
has done that good that many times the
fact that you guys are all little
[ __ ] whatever is just a coincidence
and again Michael Lair had a different
thing he had ALS and he was the [ __ ]
absolute goat I mean genius hilarious
the late great Michael Lair total
different ailment he would be furious if
he could hear me comparing him to these
handicap people Tony cuz cuz most of his
life he was a normal [ __ ] stud uh
until the very end of course when um
when he died but we knew that he was
going to die you're not going to die you
have a full lifespan ahead of you I hope
right absolutely it's amazing that you
can cross your fingers like that I
wouldn't have guessed that you'd be able
to do
that uh I mean I almost called you Aaron
after all that I almost said Martin
Phillips
[Music]
everybody godamn what a [ __ ] episode
am I right we having fun tonight
huh we pulled another name like you're
like a gym teacher in the 90s looking at
like I don't know cuz some of you
[ __ ] are a
[Laughter]
little that's where over a decade in the
writer Guild gets me it's like [ __ ]
I'll come up with
something all right make some NOS for
your what should be our final bucket
pull of the night Make some noise for
Micah brown or mikon or McAn
[Applause]
[Music]
Brown yoga pants let's talk about it
boys I feel like the same people that
wear yoga pants are not on their way to
do yoga or on their way from doing yoga
or like the same people that wear
camouflage when they're not actively
hunting or actively being
hunted the thing that blows my mind is
there's camouflage yoga pants out there
dude what are those
for trying to stretch in
secret are you part of the Indian
special
forces are you trying to live laugh
reload
dude are you trying to eat prey
eliminate what's going on
you guys want to really know what's
going
on they're just trying to hide their
camel
[Laughter]
toes okay really thought there was going
to be more laughter there at the end uh
held for laughter one more time for
Micah brown ladies and gentlemen here
criticizing fashion while dressed like
the uh final boss of the video game
Delta to
eight an incredible get up for a guy
making fun of what guys wear how do you
feel I feel great how long you been
doing standup five years you've been on
the show before right yes and how did it
go other times better or worse about the
same I had fun both times okay and
remind us what do you do for work right
now hold on no oh here we go I meant say
this earlier when we heard uh right now
I'm sleeping in a
hammock nothing good follows this uhuh
nothing no good sentence ends with this
it's always temporary and where I'd
rather not be take it away Micah right
now I sered Pizza on Sixth Street you
nailed it
dude wow absolutely incredible you serve
it you don't make it no you don't know
you don't want me making the pie D no we
don't want you making the pie I fill up
the water you fill up water yeah
okay think we found one of those
Dolphins uh is it Micah yes okay has
anything interesting happened uh since
the last time you were on where we could
talk about it during an
interview honestly yeah
Saturday my baby mama called me crying
and are you writing this as you go right
now no this is this really happened
happen baby
three but the guy she was dating she
just broke up with died at a motorcycle
accident so I'm trying to console her
but I'm like kind of happy this dude's
dead you know like like but I don't know
how to feel about that that's weird
right yeah
yeah no doubt about it uh so what did
you
say well I just watched my kid at the
park for three hours and she had time
and space when when so wait hold on so
she's like oh my God my boyfriend's dead
I'm going to drop off the baby right
something yeah we arranged plans for me
to watch the kids so she could gri you
took did you say kids kid right so you
got the kid and you took the kids
straight to the park yeah a place to go
is this a
dog dude kids and dogs very similar
right you just take them to the park and
you let him [ __ ] outside no he would
like to but you have to treat him better
than a dog right yeah um so he's three
years old MH okay and what does he think
you do for a living Pizza he came to my
job it's the best job to have if you
have a three-year-old cuz they think
you're killing it you know what I'm
saying do you do this as a joke on stage
this is the first time I've said this
that's incredible I think we're finding
this is exactly what Daniel Van Kirk was
talking about earlier it's like people
can feel it when it's real I make pizza
for a living I have a three-year-old son
and he thinks blah blah blah blah yeah
it don't feel bad for me because my kid
thinks I have the coolest [ __ ] job in
the world and then you get to that and
expound it like stay away from the don't
you love when you're EX his boyfriend
dies like leave that out you got to dig
through the mud man you got to dig
through the mud or walk around the mud
would thank you guys for going on that
with me or drive right over the mud like
your ex's uh boyfriend did a little
slippery out there did you did did you
notice in your set that you got your
better jokes on the camo stuff was was
later on right like eat prey eliminate
and all that stuff just get to that like
you say people walk around yoga pants
with C like what are they doing boom
joke Eat Pray boom just [ __ ] go to
that we all know exactly what it is and
no disrespect to you at all that take
isn't hot like commenting on yoga pants
and stuff like that but coming up with
funny phrases that nobody has applied to
that what that lifestyle is that's funny
so get to the joke and then listen to
listen to this [ __ ] Legend and and
talk about that if you're you're got to
be seeing crazy [ __ ] filling up waters
on Sixth Street every night oh yeah it's
fun I wonder what it would be and then
what that like like have that it's funny
that you might be watching two people
fight over a crust of pizza while trying
to answer the phone to your baby man and
getting yelled at that you aren't
pouring enough water you know what I'm
saying like just it's all there's a
movie mik bigley's movie Sleepwalk with
me where Marin tells him in the movie I
think you should just talk about that
while he's like bitching about his life
it's all [ __ ] right in front of you
dude yeah you get messed see at the
pizza joint no I wash my hands a lot I'm
very self-conscious Clean Hands I might
be autistic I don't know okay you think
you think you think autism is washing
your hands at
work at a food and beverage
establishment that's what you think
autism is is being a decent human being
oh I'm just I think I'm just gross yeah
yeah wait a second I'm not autistic I'm
disgusting [ __ ] yeah
dude all right uh congratulations you
already have uh what size joke books do
you have I have I have one little
jokebook well guess what my friend you
know what we're going to do we're going
to upgrade you to a big one here tonight
there he goes thank you so much Mah
Brown
everybody all right I decided when he
was up here that we're going to do one
more bucket
pull ladies and gentlemen your final
bucket pull of the night no matter what
happens Make some noise for David gamble
everybody David
[Music]
gamble thank you met a nice lady the
other day taught me what the missionary
position actually is turns out I had a
twist my whole life I thought the
missionary position was where you take a
person and you don't give them food or
water till they agree to worship your
godo that's a relief I like this okay
get a lot of my clothes at the thrift
store that's how I was raised my parents
brought me up not to spend too much
money on my clothes it's actually based
on an ancient Chinese proverb roughly
translated goes a little something like
this the clothing does not make the
child the child makes the
[Applause]
clothing all
right a [ __ ] it I'll try this one so uh
words stillborns kind of oxymoron huh
it's not like they're still born now are
they God damn it that's still I still
have time what should I do with it all
right want to have that's it all right
[ __ ] it very funny David gamble yes
sir absolutely adorable how long you
been doing stand up David 11 years
mostly 11 years where at uh Colorado
Springs Columbus Ohio a bunch of places
that's where you live now Columbus
Colorado Springs you live in Colorado
Springs now and how long did you live in
Ohio uh most of my life till I was about
28 I actually did the show Once in 2014
a long time ago Kil Tony in Columbus
Ohio in Columbus yep in
2014 holy [ __ ] that's [ __ ] 10 years
ago Jesus [ __ ] Christ I had no idea
what it was well we didn't either at the
time that is amazing uh so you were just
uh year in Back Then basically just
starting out and how did that set go for
you not good amazing and look at you now
and you stuck with it why Colorado
Springs uh Airbnb I started an Airbnb it
was a pandemic thing you wanted to get
out of Columbus you went to Colorado
Springs and you bought real estate and
you started airbnbing it out is that
what that means by airbnbing yep okay
there's a couple steps removed but I'm
moved to Vegas first and I didn't like
it there's a bunch of Denver too I
didn't really like Denver okay you've
lived a lot of places how many dead
hookers are in your
path at least three okay yeah very good
what do you do for work David uh
freelance marketing all right and are
you making good money off your Airbnb in
Colorado Springs used to what happened
economy went down it did in Colorado
didn't it everywhere I think
okayy you're speak for yourselves
you're
good Daniel Van Kirk you're you're
Airbnb yeah it's a house that you wrent
the whole thing out or you're doing some
share stitches I I made it into two
apartments and I live in the basement
one it's kind of sad do you leave the
premises I I'm not there
now we got ourselves we got ourselves a
goddamn genius up here
we got ourselves a goddamn
teleporter I'm saying when people rent
it do they rent the whole place and you
leave that's a great question uh a lot
of these airbnbs there's always a
[ __ ] creepazoid coming in and out of
the back door that's you that's exactly
it oh that would be that would be
terrible you're like permanently The
People Under the Stairs when someone's
runting out your
place that's exactly right is there
anything worse can you imagine renting
out the whole Airbnb and then you're
like oh wait there's somebody coming up
the driveway oh my God it's the world's
tallest
[ __ ] David
gamble has anyone ever told you you look
like the world's tallest [ __ ] just now
that was the first time that's it
there's the first time for everything
thanks to the popularity of this show
you're going to get it a lot yeah I
imagine so y so any uh you're more of a
joke writer than telling stories from
your personal life okay damn it because
I I'm sure you've had some crazy
aftermath or people in your place that
drove you nuts or did Wild [ __ ] people
selling I say dope heroin people selling
heroin Airbnb yeah in Colorado
Springs wow junkies on the porch waiting
for him and I was just like oh this is
what's going on this is what's going on
here I got to go out there me the
Shaquille O'Neal of little people and
lay down the law
lay down the
law I'm about to kick you people out
Ernie you're about to get kicked out of
this house
Ernie it is absolutely so do you stay on
property to avoid squatters then I don't
know what I do about squatters well you
avoid as long as you're in the property
they can't they have no legal squatting
rights they might be in there now though
I've been gone a couple weeks dude you
just got squatted
welcome back to
squatting my goodness so uh what's your
love life like being uh the uh the big
dog in
Oz pretty
lonely pretty lonely pretty you are
lonely now you so really you're
surrounded by all these people you're
right there there he goes ladies and
gent because he tried to tell me he was
here it's fine you'll get it later on
guys you've been pretty lonely but let
me ask you something what if you were to
get uh where do wh why do you think you
can't lock down a girl why do you think
that is it's not a just right now it's
lonely and fighting with the guest
upstairs is bad a little bit nobody else
thought he was going to go oh I can lock
him down it's keeping them there that's
the problem that's pretty accurate no
don't say that [ __ ] with you what if
what if I had someone a a world famous
uh stud to give you some advice on how
to in improve your love life ladies and
gentlemen uh I'd like to introduce a
huge fan of kill Tony ladies and
gentlemen Make some noise for Mark
Walberg
[Applause]
everybody how you guys doing you're
doing good
[Applause]
what's up dude I could bench
you [ __ ] that I could curl
you what do you Donnie if they got the
copy
wrong so what's your problem Yad you
lonely I'm sad and I'm lonely very good
you know what first you know what you
need to do you need to become a [ __ ]
movie star movie star dude you become a
[ __ ] movie star you can do whatever
you want everybody in this room becomes
a third it's [ __ ] perfect
dude what are you lonely about what
makes you sad on your heart I'm not
lonely now what's that I'm not lonely
anymore no one here wants to be around
you you ever been in a fight no you've
never been in a fight not a good not a
real one keep up this attitude that
might
change have you ever been punched in the
face in your
life when I was little what
happened we were I was trying to break
up some kids fighting and you were also
a little kid yep and you said said hey
little kids let's not fight no I just
tried to pull them apart you walked in
you were like hey hey hey hey hey hey
let's not do this to each other and
somebody hit you in the
mouth probably yeah about right you care
if I make a movie out of
that can I be in it what's that can I be
in it I heard it'll help me with being
godamn it what are you Donnie walber you
can't be in
it can't be in it but when was the last
time you dated somebody and I mean more
than three
times early last year okay so that's not
too long ago it's kind of long ago well
it it'd be long for me for you not that
long
ago I got a hand job when I was walking
out here okay hell
yeah wait you got who ended it you or
her me why tell me about the girl who's
not good enough for
you I don't like giving her press but
what's that I don't like giving her
press you don't like giving her press
That's what I was saying yeah well oh
okay she's a Fame like me or she's a
normal like you she's a normal like me
yeah okay so what happened her Airbnb
rental was up and you said I can't do
this anymore yeah are you for real no
you don't [ __ ] your gu for a second
don't ever [ __ ] lie to me
again Mark why don't you give him a big
jokebook we're gonna send him on his way
I'm gonna big you I'm gonna give you a
big joke up and here I want you to write
on the very first page I promise say it
I promise to do cardio to
do there he goes David gamble ladies and
gentlemen and how about a hand for Mark
Walberg
huh well there's only one way to end an
episode like this ladies and gentlemen
it's the only way we know how this is
kill Tony Hall of Famer the record
holder for alltime appearances on the
show alltime interviews an absolute
bonafide Superstar I present to you the
vanilla gorilla the St Louis lasso the
Memphis Strangler The Big Red Machine
this is indeed lights out the one and
only William
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Montgomery well that guy from The Naked
Gun movies died last
week yeah that's right OJ Simpson last
week went to
heaven it was pretty awkward for OJ
because the first person he bumped into
was Nicole Brown
Simpson okay when asked about Iran's
attack on Israel Joe Biden responded
chocolate chip especially on a cone
[Applause]
remember that blind man character on
Star Trek apparently with those special
glasses he could read
rainbows that's a good joke Lavar Burton
Reading Rainbow
okay I'm trying to build a barrier
between myself and smoking cigarettes
and Tony I'm actually using zinder
blocked okay that's my time thank you
59 seconds on the dot for the man who's
done it more than anyone else another
brand new minute from William Montgomery
and I really do just want to say Daniel
it is so sweet of you to actually stick
around for this one I was just watching
the episode where I played David Lucas
it was literally one of my best [ __ ]
sets and you [ __ ] walk out at the
very beginning of it so this is hard
right when I started the minute you
[ __ ] walked out I have been playing
that over and over again for the past
four [ __ ] years so it's kind of crazy
you're actually here right now it's
crazy it is crazy why'd you walk out
I've been wanting to ask you that from
the
beginning well there he goes oh he's
back I don't remember it probably seemed
like a good bit at the time he probably
had to use the restroom or had somewhere
to
go okay okay cool I was just wondering I
I'm sure it was a good bit wasn't it
wasn't it the joke that I was like I I'm
going to get canceled for this and so
that was think the beginning was I'm
tired of being big and black or
something I was trying to play David
Lucas and then you bailed right after
that so did I leave leave the stage yeah
right after that I literally watch it
all the [ __ ] time I'm not even
kidding I watched it 10 times up in the
[ __ ] Green Room the truth of the
matter is I probably was doing a stupid
bit you know when you you say to Comics
you're like hey be real for a second
I've got to tell you something about my
life because you need them to not
[ __ ] bit what you're trying to do or
tell them and I was probably doing a bet
I think you're [ __ ] great if in any
way me leaving made you feel the
opposite I'm sorry buddy wait hold on I
am so sorry I did not just hear a f word
you sp give him a hug William there you
go there you
go he smells weird I do have to go
pulling a Donell Rawlings ladies and
gentlemen uh the great Daniel vankirk
Donell once walked off the show was a
big deal why well he said that he had to
go have dinner somewhere but he didn't
he got made fun of by someone who kept
warning him to stop making fun of him or
else he was going to make fun of Donnell
but Donnell did two more jokes after
that and then the guy lit his ass up
yeah and then Donell drunkenly left and
uh then immediately started saying I
didn't leave but it's like seen by
millions of people did you see him tell
Bert he didn't want any of his [ __ ]
Tequila No he was on Bert's show and he
goes I'll have a dream and he's like
what do you want and he goes I'll have
some uh uh it's vodka right vodka sorry
yeah and so he he goes I'll have vodka
and he goes you want some two bears and
then he goes nope and then everybody
left he's like why what the [ __ ] wrong
with he goes it's my tequila but so don
hell's not
boring holy [ __ ] there it is I'm [ __ ]
falling asleep over here
dude holy [ __ ] my God oh my God William
sometimes takes shots at the guest you
wouldn't know cuz you leave during his
sets now I remember why now I remember
why William you had some uh very William
Montgomery references a Naked Gun
reference to lead into your OJ uh
material a Lavar Burton uh joke which is
both a star old Star Trek and a Reading
Rainbow joke at the same time all of
these references from the uh late 80s
early 90s I have gone on a big kick I
was actually really excited at first
really did think Mar Mark wallberg uh
was here I swear to God and I just
watched fear for the first time I think
I watched 10 different movies dude
you're [ __ ] right dude I figured her
four times off camera okay I know that
movie was so hot when they he so I I've
never seen it what what's it you've
never [ __ ] seen fear oh my god dude I
drive around in a corv and I make fun of
the guy from CSI New York or whatever
and then I take his daughter up on a
roller coaster and she's from Sweet Home
Alabama and I finger her on the roller
coaster yeah dude we didn't even know
they were
filming it's a beautiful scene it's a
beautiful scene I kep on replay very
beautiful scene you make her it appears
that you make her orgasm when y'all are
going down the hill of the roller
coaster I couldn't believe that it does
it does appear it does appear and how
did you cut that dog's head off that's
the only thing I love the movie but I
couldn't figure out would you have a
machete how'd you do that that was my
one qualm with the movie was I did it
with a I did it with a [ __ ] spoon
dude oh [ __ ] boring okay okay oh my
goduck is this your new catchphrase
Willam
boring it's [ __ ] great there's some
[ __ ] 91-year-old old man [ __ ]
opening up for my ass in Springfield
Missouri old man Willie who I actually
did love but he was kind of sucking
towards the end of one of the sets and I
said boring
and the guy literally fell over on the
stage yes are you serious they had to
take him away in an ambulance are you
serious I'm not even kidding no it was
horrible so that's why maybe I should
stop saying the boring thing I literally
think so the guy literally got taken
away in an ambulance he hit his head
really hard on are you serious on the
hard floor I can never tell when you're
being serious oh yeah it wasn't good I
haven't gotten to talk with you since uh
you did St Louis this weekend old old
man Willie old man Willie he's really 91
he's 91 he was doing great there was one
point in time though he got up and he
did this horribly loud fart and I just
had to keep from smiling or laughing cuz
I felt bad for him but we just kept the
conversation going like normal but yeah
Road's a little crazy out there when you
don't have your own people with you huh
it is yeah I got way too high before the
second show on Friday night I don't
think the audience could tell but I was
freaking out Tony I was going
full-fledged Panic mod in my brain it
ended up being okay I think boring
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
okay I don't
disagree William anything else you're
passionate about before we put a ribbon
on this thing tonight oh [ __ ] Tony oh
[ __ ] he's fired up God I watched what
was it it was a Robert DeNiro movie last
night with Edward Norton and Edward
Norton is acting like this [ __ ] guy
the entire time they're breaking I can't
even remember the name of the movie but
I got score score yeah the score
Brando's in it man I love the score now
toony what do you love about it Edward
Norton plays a really great [ __ ] guy
on it he really does and he's playing
the long con I mean he's doing it for
three months and they end up breaking
into the thing can you do an impression
of Edward Norton's performance as that
character I am going to
go and here hold on let me try to uhoh
he's got to go behind the curtain to
start it and here he is ladies and
gentlemen you may remember him from the
hit movies score it's Edward
Norton
oh where's the trash
can oh my God okay H abort a oh [ __ ] is
that [ __ ] nailed to to you [ __ ]
crushed that sh Mark professional actor
I couldn't tell whether that was Edward
Nord or old man Willie the feature from
St
Louis uh what else William before we let
you go oh my God I did finish two
puzzles I finished two 500 piece
puzzles days pu what were in the puzzles
the real hard one I have I've been doing
a lot of scenes where it's kind of zoned
out on I don't I don't know I mean the
last one the fir the first one no the
last one does anybody want to yell it or
should I how do you guys want to do
this so it was a this was a great bar
scene there's a lot of [ __ ] going on
there's hammocks weirdly enough there's
literally there's stuff in the sand
there's crabs but the second puzzle was
actually harder it was like a zoomed in
it like gosh it was a hodge podge of
stuff it was this table with [ __ ]
little little uh Foods on it it was
well I'm going to do another puzzle
tonight so nobody's going to [ __ ]
stop me I'm I'm I'm balls deep into him
right now William we love you you did it
again you're unbelievable to be here the
legend of the game William
Montgomery the drawing from Ryan J E
belt is in
awesome thank you cook Unity Draft Kings
game time how about one more time for
the great Daniel Van Kirk ladies and
gentlemen go to YouTube SL Danel vankirk
comedy and watch his brand new special
rose gold everyone Daniel van
cirk uh an unbelievable [ __ ] time
thank you so much I love you and see you
again absolutely um how about it one
more time for the best St band in the
land Nick Lewis on the base on the horns
Carlos
sjo and Fernando Castillo Michael
Gonzalez on the drums Matt muing on the
electric John de the keys Red Band check
out the secret show every Thursday at
the sunset strip.com
[Applause]
yeah absolutely the stream still
available right now for the LA Forum uh
the rematch between Hans Kim and Rick
Diaz a lot of your favorite stars of the
show and historical figures and people
performing in an arena for the very
first time very exciting stuff happening
and uh yeah and MSG in August a lot of
other fun announcements coming up as
always at the end of those Arena shows
so who knows what'll happen next thank
you audience we love you guys good night
everybody thank you
[Music]
a
[Music]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
the Sunset Strip comedy club in Austin
Texas is now open check out redband
Secret show every Thursday go to
sunsetstrip atx.com for tickets
[Music]
n